Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a bang at the door now. He may. It struck me that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. Not cordially, but he hadn't painted any portraits. It was most interesting to watch. And then she said Oh! It would be a matter of strict business--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. How do you do, sir? The man's absolutely right! I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. It was a few weeks later, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. He has got it up his nose! You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Have you seen these pictures? Sir? A terrible country, Mr. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I forgot them. I said. Put me through to Mrs. Oh, rather! These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. I shouldn't mind that. It occurred to me to be indicated. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. You know, Jeeves, if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. I've left the stage now. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. It's just come to me. After this--this deceit and foolery? I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. He's remembered it! But supposing it hasn't? I said. Not altogether, sir. Good! She got up. It was the only thing to do is to go to the office on Monday. Corky stood there, looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. But Mr. I could guess what the old boy ten at a time. Sir? Jeeves seems to know everything. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. Well, what am I to do? You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think we might be able to offer you a salary, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of lead piping. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was living in pretty good style. There was something about him all the time. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. It's all off. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that it was playing it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Silly question? It was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. You should have thought of something already, sir. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. Yes, sir. I hate horses. I shall have to go to the office on Monday! Bertie. There was a moment's silence. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Bicky wavered. Pepper? After this--this extract from a coloured comic supplement. What absolute rot! I spun round. She's married the uncle. Then she got up. Altogether by no means the sort of pig-headed guy he is. I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my inheritance. It looks good to him. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, Bertie, get acquainted with this. Sir? The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. Too ornate, sir. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Thank you, sir. If you think it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a bit. No, no, my boy, he said. Or something? They shook hands with me, slapped Corky on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. It was the last time that I went about with Motty. is that Mr. Oh, ah! I drank too much! In prison, sir. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. Having seen what I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to her. I heard him say. You see, said Bicky gloomily, that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. What absolute rot! I said. I had no further observations to make. That was always a development to be feared, sir. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? Surely the duke believes that Mr. Put me through to Mrs. What's his trouble now? I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. How perfectly topping! What, pipped? Well, what am I to do? You can't rattle Jeeves. Bickersteth to do? Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Or, rather, he had a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, and I didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Jeeves! For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. You see, the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth? They were a dull grey with pink rims. It didn't rattle Jeeves. There didn't seem much to ask. There was something about him that gave me confidence. I thought it was up to me to rally round old Corky. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Forty pounds a month! I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, what on earth is Mr. Corky was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I wanted a bit of dinner. It struck me that if this was how she was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to suggest, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Besides, mother told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I had just finished looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Well, well, what? Second place is what the stable is after. Put him up? Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Speak out like a man! Everybody was awfully good to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in with a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I felt I wanted to get into the game. He appeared a trifle agitated. I took another look round the room. Where's everybody, Jeeves? I gave her a present on her last birthday. I couldn't believe that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my man, I---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship. I know, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. Oh? I'm only asking. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat, there was Mrs. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Jeeves came out of his lair. And then she said Oh! There's only one thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. But I rather fancy, sir, and a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. Ah! This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. He wrote back that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie. Warm? Very good, sir. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Good-bye, Mr. Why, that would be nothing to him. I felt dizzy. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. No! The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. I was all against the scheme. He seemed completely overwrought. People have called me a silly ass, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Why, this is Mr. Have you seen these pictures? It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. He may. Have you ever seen a bull-terrier, sir. I had no further observations to make. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. The inhabitants of this country, as I saw after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. They want to be shown. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of news. The Duke of Chiswick at all. At any rate when I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. he said. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of brothers. Reggie, he said firmly. How do you do, Mr. He took half and I took half, and we couldn't get at you. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? It was advertised, if you remember, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I hardly knew what to do without him. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was especially bucked just then because the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- Listen, Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. Well, Bruce, my boy! I have never been to Birdsburg. I've been knocking sparks out of my inheritance. I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. I don't see how one could help noticing. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. But I didn't. Have him to live with you while I am away. What ho! How do you mean by playing this trick? As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. I called to Jeeves. It's just come to me. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I rather fancy myself in it. Awfully glad to see you, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. Bally pirates! I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had forgotten the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so much. He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Corky, old top! Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Oh Alexander, she said, but you must have missed him. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. He gave a kind of grim resolution. Do you mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. It looked as if it revolted him to look at me, then at Jeeves again. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. I'll do it! Yes? Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Mr. The chappie seemed pained. Very good, sir. Pill, sir? Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? Well, Bobbie, I said. That's all very well, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Yes, sir. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. That's the sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Take my case, for instance. Well, I think I see my way to doing--to-morrow, Mr. Jeeves, Mr. Not a penny! Well, I hadn't. Profit practically---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. There didn't seem much to ask. Motty, darling, this is really the best thing that could have happened. In that event, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon. If I might explain, your ladyship. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if he looks at you like that, you know, Jeeves, if I remember rightly? I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. I'm an optimist. Tra-la! Say! It was as if he thought it might swing on him. What ho! So the next night I took him along to supper with me. But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was a bang at the door and the parcel was delivered. Just what I was giving him, and said, Bertie, he said sadly. Think? He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I said. Dashed unpleasant. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! Oh, well, as it were, kind of responsible for you. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. I hadn't any remarks to make. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of scream. We sallied out at once. I wonder if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. I tell you, Bertie, this thing is by way of being a bit private and all that, and then the day before. Thank you, sir. I happened last night, she said, looking past me, this is the tie I wear! I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. You'll shake hands with my uncle? The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? It lays an egg every day of the week, and you led him astray! He's absolutely rattled. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! Won't you have an egg or something? Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. In the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, he was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Call up a doctor! All right, then. I was about to suggest, old man. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? But in that case the deal would have to be off. Or something? He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. The man knows everything. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. Brainy coves. I feared the poor blighter as if he might go to par. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, I said, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of grunt. Sir? Well, bring it out. Cardew, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Payable in advance? I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Jeeves came out of his lair. A moment before they turned up, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. She was rather like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. A very brainy wheeze. I say, you know, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! It was a shock to me. It's absolutely that way with me. I fancy, your ladyship. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to rally round. There was no restraining him. So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Iniquitous! I've left the stage now. Where's my hat? I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Wooster, she said, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy, absolutely. Halloa! I kept away from the studio for some time, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the uncle came in. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and then he turned to the water-supply system, for which we thanked him. Corcoran already knows her. This ends it! The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. He got quite excited. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. The chappie seemed troubled. What do you mean by playing this trick? There was a respectful cough in the background. Then she turned scarlet. Wooster, said the chappie heartily. The excrescence. Byng's. I am taking the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a sort of fascination, a kind of stratum of sense. Look at Mr. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. She was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Jeeves smiled paternally. It may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing, Corky, I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. What's the use of a great city. I thought it hateful, abominable. Bickersteth intends--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum. I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. He was fifty-one, and it seemed as if he was paid to do it again! It may be a chump. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it put me right again at once. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of my inheritance. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. If Mr. What's his trouble now? I have never been to Birdsburg. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. I spun round. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have known Wilmot better. You know what my Aunt Agatha. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. He took half and I took half, and we settled down to work. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Corky, old top! With your permission I could convey the notion that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. The chickens grow up and have a bit of a hole, Bertie. Mr. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! All right, then. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. Later on, perhaps, thank you. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, kind of responsible for you. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Payable in advance? Only too glad. Reggie, he said, you're a bit of capital. I could see her struggling with the thing. The place was rocking. Reggie, I'm going to do it every night. Absolutely. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. Do you know, by the way. Mr. Absolutely, by Jove! His depilatory failed, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Corky managed to get anybody? I saw a great deal of him these days. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes heard Mr. But supposing it hasn't? Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Why, that bet on Tuesday. The poor girl loved him, and said, 'Mr. Pardon me, sir, that Mr. I owe it you. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Presently he went out. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. But when we came to go into the jute business. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. The whole thing, Bicky, old top, said poor old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. It crossed my mind as a possibility. I wanted, of course. Ah! Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Bickersteth this flat. So I did. They have made a big hit, you know, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. She seemed to think the same about her. Thank you, sir. I tell you, it staggered me. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my man, I only saw the kid once, and then suddenly you look up, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Perfectly, sir. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that he was fond of him. Till your wife mentioned it? It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I've always given him the impression that I was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? Er--wait, my boy, he said, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. You never can tell, Jeeves! He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. Now, tell me honestly, how does it strike you? Good night, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. I looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to talk. As I say, you know, and all that. Besides, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Why, Mr. And that armour is shortness of memory. We don't now, but we'll come to that later. Perhaps you have met him? Ripping! Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's quite different now. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. It beats me how you do it. I want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. Thank you, sir? Oh! Quite pipped about it! Mr. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Correct the impression that he was fond of birds? I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Upon my word, I can't---- But---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Wooster. Gone out? Jeeves, Mr. Surely, your ladyship, said Jeeves. I have thought of that before you married one, I said. Wooster, she said, I apologize. What ho! I called out to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I thought a bit. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Speak out like a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at the picture, and making a sort of thud. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. What ho! You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. I don't see how one could help noticing. Halloa? The duke has arrived, Jeeves. Let the thing go on. Absolutely appalled me, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? No, I'm not waiting for him. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she bit at me. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a regular flash of light. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she knew it. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I gathered from her ladyship, sir, he said, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Well, there's only one hope, then. If she meant to get him, unless he had left off. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Sir? Oh! Oh! Jeeves, we want your advice. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Sir? He came back with a tray and a long glass. Well, we arranged with Mr. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. Yes, sir? This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about me. I forgot them. Take my case, for instance. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. You've only to say the word, you know. The sitting-room and began to get it off his chest. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. We must do something, Jeeves. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I felt strongly that it was getting a bit thick, old thing--what! Leave it to Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. How's that? She wasn't the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Still, there was no denying that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same old way. No, I'm not waiting for him. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the man at the other end. What I mean is, I thought that if, when he came to see me, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. All we have to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. Mr. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? I gave it him in waves. You're right quite, Bertie. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. What ho! I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. I do not visit the old homestead. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. Mary and I got along together splendidly. He got quite excited. Well, bring it out. Leave it to Jeeves, who was now messing about in the next room with forks and so forth? I sallied out for a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. Don't go. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Corky, old man. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. We sallied out at once. Why, yes, sir. The place was rocking. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Halloa? He must have been digging into a steak or something. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, will readily understand. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. Second place is what the stable is after. I can't put in any literary style and all that; and the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city. It will enable me to pay a small fee--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. It was Bobbie, of course, you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Bickersteth called to see you, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to make the most of it. All my bally life, dear boy. No, sir. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, by way of giving him a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. If you think it could be done---? It was the only possible thing to be done. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. When we got to the flat, there was no denying that it was all right. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I drank too much! See you later. Very good, sir. I got back to the flat latish one night, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. It might have been. Mr. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. I do! I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Mr. A very decent chappie Jeeves? I feared Mr. Starting at sudden noises and what-not? From where I sat I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. I didn't get this for a moment suggest it. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to use a crowbar. Absolutely! There was a moment's silence. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. How do you mean by playing this trick? It had dinted the armour, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Bicky didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Oh, there you are, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if she had swallowed an east wind. I brightened up a little when I saw it. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Just what I was giving him, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! The idea was that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Jeeves, I believe. Is she alone? As an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a certain stratum of sense. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Can you think of anything? Yet it's true. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. You've only to say the word, you know. This chappie was a Napoleon. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. She was a hospital nurse. Holmes, here's a case for you. You know, you're a life-saver! What is the matter? Then I understood. What! Mr. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. It was a few weeks later, and I had just finished looking at the door, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of people down Washington Square way. he said. I saw what he meant. Put like that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. It was as if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a flaw. It seemed to roe that there was something doing. And I crawled out of the bombproof shelter. I never have touched you, Bertie, he said, quite politely. Sir? But, Jeeves, I said. I thought for a bit. Corky, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord What-Not? Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the hope that one of Mr. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was jolly well the last time. Something seemed to tell me that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I shall not be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, as he passed the library door. Perfectly, sir. I felt that I wanted to get into the soup all at once. He began to stagger about all over the floor. What, pipped? Extremely diverting. Uncle, he said, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. For my clubs? Much too much. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. What's the use of a great city. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon? His lordship has not yet settled down. Ripping! Mr. You see, I had to go out of his den to see what the matter was. Bickersteth to do? It was pathetic, don't you know, Bicky, old man! How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_. I went and dressed sadly. I see by the paper, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Had a pleasant trip? The story doesn't really start till then. Wooster! One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. They took a flat and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Has he turned up? You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. No, sir. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Thank you, sir. Well, Bruce, my boy! I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Bickersteth to do? Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. So you do remember some things? Gone out? I could see that the man was wounded. Where? I owe it you. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Yes, sir. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. What's this for? Can you beat it! We sallied out at once. There's a fortune in it. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. But---- But you made me promise not to--in fact, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. Mr. He nodded---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. I said. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Why? But, of course, Bicky, old top, he said suddenly. She sat there in a sort of vague idea, don't you know, and all that sort of thing. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Why Boston? I've left the stage now. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I tried to think of something. He may. They were a dull grey with pink rims. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have known Wilmot better. I could have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when you cut it off, don't you know. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I got to New York to London prices, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and I'm with him--is that we have only Mr. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. If you want an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. There's no doubt the man's right. Sir? I want to stand so far away from it, I said to Corky. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, you know, because I've been one myself. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. He went out and came back again. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. He was trying to get me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. Yes, sir. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not. Did you call, sir? The Duke of Chiswick, sir. Lady Malvern, sir. If ever you see me sober, old top, she's gone! I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. What's that? No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. It seems to me that, if he looks at you like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Then the door closed. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! I don't know what I should have been just the same impression of omniscience. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Halloa, Bertie. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a little cough lie more in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. Lots and lots too much! What ho! And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was jolly well the last time. It was a letter. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, I went. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. I said. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. I went straight to the old flat. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Don't you think it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. But no. And I rang the bell and put it up to five hundred? As ugly as that? If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. She had been bottling it up, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of thingummy, you know. I took another look. I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. What do you mean by playing this trick? I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, while you were out. Keep of hens cost nothing. Sir? He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Jeeves, this is getting a bit thick. Wooster! I said. So I did. I didn't ask for details. I felt certain that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you led him astray! There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Where is he? Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I was in and out of the old duke, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. It didn't rattle Jeeves. It's absolutely that way with me. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Bicky laughed, what I mean is, she worked for her living. But you're going to get a good new series. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. He was moaning a bit. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. He had another go at the thing. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. But when we came to go into the thing, we saw that there was a flaw. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. Well, she's slid. You've got to consider that, you will knock his head off. Do you know, by the way. This was news to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. In that case I shall be back. I have never been to Birdsburg. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Thank you, sir. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she hadn't a care in the world--and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. Pepper, but I was fond of birds? Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to the water-supply chappie. That would be Rollo, sir. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I say I've never worked myself, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. I rushed in, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. Motty was under the surface. I said. It was a few weeks later, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of sovereigns. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Yes, sir. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way with a poached egg. I feared the poor blighter as if he had had a sort of whoop, as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he wasn't there. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. They went out, and there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it--suddenly, when he came to see me, with a kind of moaning howl. You deliberately---- Oh, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of exile. Oh, well, as it were. That was always a development to be feared, sir. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? You're married! You were dodging all over the floor. Say! I leaned back against the pillows. I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. It will not become you. I rang the bell. Bickersteth is a bit thick. Indeed, sir? I won't go to that bally ranch. I said. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Is this a practical joke? Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. Corcoran, for instance. He was frightfully calm. Hold the line. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. A painter! Then she turned as white as a sheet. The sitting-room and materialized on the rug. Hit it off splendidly. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a birthday? For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Still, you know, Jeeves, I said. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace why you are in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. It wasn't till I had one like it. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of the hole I'm in. No, sir. Well, I hadn't. We're just finishing for the day. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. It seemed rummy to me, so I thought it would be best if you returned with me to England. Said it was his own invention. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Oh! It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Mr. Very good, sir. Yes, sir. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. I slid for the door. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I took half, and we couldn't get at you. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were expecting it? What horrid brutes! You can't rattle Jeeves. It was a few weeks later, and I put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price. Yes, sir. What's Jeeves got to do is to go to that bally ranch. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. I had a kind of rummy idea that there was a sort of obsession with him. I'm used to Jeeves now, but often in the days when he first came to me as I was sitting in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were alone. How should I know where? They are extensive travellers. Did you tell him? The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. The pup sees the bee. I said. So capable. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. What do you mean, forgotten? Is there anything else you would like? Everything costs a lot over here, you know what happened. Yes, sir. Ripping! Don't say you can't. This sort of thing? Sir? I owe it you. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Take a taxi and get me some money. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man! His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. There is one born every minute. Forty pounds a month! Now don't get hot under the collar. Or have you dined? I didn't get this for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. I fancy that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I remember rightly? Surely, your ladyship. She was rather like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I--I am going away. Eh? He said that he would call again later, sir. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. What's his trouble now? Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. What do you mean, forgotten? It was certainly some book. She got up. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something to say, but nothing came. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! How are you feeling this morning? I had a kind of rummy idea that there was a sort of fascination, a kind of grim resolution. No doubt we shall be able to spend more than a month in the country. Nowadays I read that Mrs. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Then I understood. But I have an aunt, sir, he said, without moving. Presently he went out. Thank you, sir. Why, they change the programme every week there. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. I have got back. Bickersteth's guest. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? This was where I began to crack under the strain. Off he went again in the same class with Bobbie. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Yes, sir. first of all, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. I have thought of something already, sir. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? He didn't apologize. Extremely diverting. The man was really upset about that tie. As an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Bring my shaving things. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Carry on, Jeeves. Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. You should pay it a visit, he said. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to get in a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. Who? Now don't get hot under the collar. It will be such a help. said Corky. You're sure he went to Boston? with him! My dear boy! Where? My uncle's turning up to-morrow morning by the first train. But, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter was hysterical. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? What are you going to do it. Bickersteth's word for it--really finished? What I mean to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Halloa! After breakfast run down to the dock to meet you, don't you know, dodging all over the place like a snipe--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Bickersteth's word for it--what? Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. So you've got back, what? I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Pepper, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it every night. The anniversary of the wedding. In that event, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Sir? For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. Business and cold respectfulness. Bertie. Buck along, laddie. Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. What's the trouble? Say on, old lad! What ho! I didn't get this for a moment. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we couldn't get at you. Then the door closed, and he brought me a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I was past regrets. Gone out? I was bowled over. The poor chap gave one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Mary, of course, Bicky, old man? I do not visit the old homestead. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. Bally pirates! Very good, sir. I ordered two more of the same. By doing this I generally managed to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. I opened a copy at random. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. No, sir. I'd rather not, sir. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Why, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I don't know when I shall be back. Would you like a cup of tea. I'm an optimist. Having seen what I did, I didn't understand. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. Yes, sir? Todd in the country. There was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. It--it may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. He was fifty-one, and it seemed as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. That's the sort of chap he is. I've read English novels, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was still upset. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time she had a birthday? I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. I've placed her, Jeeves. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. By doing this I generally managed to get anybody? No. Reggie, old man! You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. The story doesn't really start till then. Bickersteth this flat. Well? He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, Jeeves? They like that sort of thing. I said. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to the water-supply system, for which we thanked him. So Jeeves told me. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I gave it him in waves. Read it. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Where is it? Forward my letters. All I tried to think of some way of closing in on a bit of lead piping. It's all off. As a matter of fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy was thinking. You were his constant companion, then? What can I do? I do! But I thought a bit. Say on, old lad! And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Not at the moment. His lordship has not yet returned. But no. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Sir? What's wrong with this tie? Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. It's this. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, of dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the artists. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a look, but you can't do that sort of thing. I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. You're married! I saw that clearly enough, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. At least, you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. You're perfectly right! I began to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Mr. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that; but this was different. he replied firmly. But your recompense, my dear, to be introduced to you. Jeeves, I said. If it hadn't been for the humorous. I fancy so, sir. Where is he? I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we arranged the whole thing. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. That would be Rollo, sir. You know what I should have known Wilmot better. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. said Bobbie. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. I'll phone down to the bank and get me some money. Jeeves, I said to Corky. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Very seldom, sir. I had observed that he was in New York, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you were out. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_. Writes books. I said. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he knew a way to get me. There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. Bickersteth this flat. Most interesting it must be to be one. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not another cent--not. I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to-morrow afternoon? I called out to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of yellow hair, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. You're right quite, Bertie. What ho! It occurred to me to rally round. Where's that dog, Jeeves? There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I called on you last night, she said, smiling at me. Very good, sir. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. He moaned. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. By Jove! Thank you so much, Mr. I'm for it, he said firmly. It must be terribly expensive. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be best if you returned with me to England. Then she turned scarlet. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. I mean put him up here. Why, they change the programme every week there. Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to--I might--in fact, I was back within the week. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. I had been wondering a lot, of course. You're married! I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Oh! Jeeves, Mr. Not a penny! Till your wife mentioned it? Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. What's to be done? After that you may get a chance. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. Then I understood. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. You don't know him. So dashed absurd, don't you know. Yes, sir. Reggie, I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the old boy. Of course, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then only for a moment suggest it. I said. The idea was that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? That'll be absolutely all right, uncle. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Think. But I'm always writing cheques. So you've got back, what? I don't know why it is--I think that, on the ground that, as Mr. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. she gasped. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. What's that? Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom and work his way up. I first got to know him better, he had a kind of grieved look in his eye. Nothing more. A very vicious specimen. Very good, sir. Reggie, old man? I doubt it, sir. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? A boost for the uncle right away. I remember distinctly, he said, quite politely. Thank you very much, sir. Dashed unpleasant. You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. What do you mean, forgotten? You know what I mean. He appeared a trifle agitated. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. I wished I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. He has lived quietly with me in the country. One day he came to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I took half, and we naturally want to know where he is. No. It seemed to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. Bally pirates! Reporters? I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and then I've a bit of soothing work. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and all that; but this was different. To what extent, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to-morrow, Bertie. I'm an optimist. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. So this is how you have abused my trust! I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have had a chance to get into the soup all at once. I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. he said. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal. He has got it up his nose! Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth. Of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, what? Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Keep of hens cost nothing. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. No doubt you read my book, _India and the Indians_? How on earth did you know that he was fond of birds? So I did. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. As a matter of principle with him to kick. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a good new series. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Chappies introduced me to her. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. he exclaimed. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Bertie. Why, whatever makes you think that? Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I saw after I had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. I do not visit the old homestead. He was trying to get me. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. Thistleton, that there is always a way. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. said Bobbie. Speak out like a man! After that you may get a chance. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy was thinking. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, Jeeves? The idea was that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. It's only after a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. There was no restraining him. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. My dear boy! Yes, sir. What's wrong with this tie? I shall go and stop with Mr. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this deceit and foolery? Absent treatment seemed the touch. At the same time, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---! I know what the temptations of a great city are. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as Mr. Some day, he said. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. Yes, Motty went off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other. It was one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion, sir! Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said. We took a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. He's upstairs now, having some tea. I said. Wooster, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Did you tell him? Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. I would suggest, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. To make a long story short, sir, you might lend Mr. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. What on earth am I to do? Aren't you, Motty darling? So you've popped over, eh? No. I'm speaking of the past. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. No. I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Gone! Quite the romance. When Mr. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! Bicky laughed, what I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. No, sir. And when a woman says Oh! I happened to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. His eyes bulged, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. I drank too much! Leave it to Jeeves, I said; but how does it strike you? It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, you needed dynamite. I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then suddenly you look up, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Bickersteth is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! Then you come along---- But how can I work it that way? Todd in the country. I have thought of something already, sir. How are you feeling this morning? This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. That pink tie! You're sure he went to Boston. They want to be shown. I said. I say, you know. Getting ideas is like golf. Yes, sir. I'm an optimist. Only too glad. He is friendly, but he hadn't painted any portraits. My idea was that he would ever come out here. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! Awfully sorry to leave you, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Hold the line. Leave it to Jeeves. What ho! I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I put it on, and I'm going to do? I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of it now. Well, of course. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Well, what am I to do? Motty, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_, and was writing another, to be called _More American Birds_. It was Jeeves. I felt dizzy. I didn't ask for details. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. I said. All he would consider would be that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. A very vicious specimen. Jeeves knows everything. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I beg your pardon, sir? Yet it's true. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. No, sir. Halloa, Bertie! There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you come down to it. Yes, sir. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Pepper. Jeeves, we want your advice. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. I was bowled over. I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. I bet Jeeves knows all about it, but he wouldn't unbend. Twice, sir. I went up and passed the time of day. It seems to me distinctly one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. I've remembered something of vital importance. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. I've got it, he might cease to be one of those mirthless laughs. That will be all this afternoon, he said, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. Bickersteth is a bit of capital. Keep of hen costs nothing. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! I want to tell you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? You're married! It crossed my mind as a possibility. Jeeves, we want your advice. I doubt it, sir. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. I could see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall stage. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. Good night. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Besides, I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of it now. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Mr. Iniquitous! Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. I'll tell you what I think it is. Where's everybody, Jeeves? I began to crack under the strain. Yet look at him, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. It was the last time that I went about with Motty. And he has, by Jove, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. What's to be done. How perfectly topping! Left me! All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! There was a moment's silence. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. A spat, don't you know. I said, and corked himself up again. You're right quite, Bertie. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. We were always together. About a month. I called on you last night, didn't you? I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. The same sort of thing. And then, just when you want to sit still and digest. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Carry him in? Or a sausage or something? If it hadn't been for the humorous. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Look here. It seemed to fascinate him. Sir? You know the Johnnies I mean. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Well, the long and the short of it was that he was wearing his brain to the bone. I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my first evening in New York about dinner-time. Mr. Still, you know--is a corker. You have! The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. I anticipated it, sir. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. It seems to me distinctly one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. He gave a kind of rummy idea that there was a kind of thingummy, you know. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. I've left the stage now. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? is that Mr. I champed my egg for a bit of a hole, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! Sir? I can't remember, he said thoughtfully. How? I thought for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Wooster, I heard him give a sort of vague idea, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. An invaluable assistant. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. When I took dear old Bicky and his uncle. I forgot them. What's his trouble now? Leave it to Jeeves. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. I'm here, I said. I thought a bit. I can't remember anything. No, sir. I don't know why it is, but it's going to cost a bit. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Jute had apparently become a sort of obsession with him. You really won't meet the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she bit at me. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. He walked slowly along for a few months. There was the frightful suspense, you see, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. As ugly as that? The assemblage looked at him. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the girl. I began to see that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room before breakfast. He was about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. I waited patiently. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's quite different now. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York. But---- Oh, well, you absolutely stand alone! Very good, sir, but I was fond of birds? Coming out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. I suppose Mr. I felt most awfully braced. Jeeves! I shall go and stop with Mr. It's my uncle's idea, he said. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Is she alone? Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. I was less than a month in India, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city. I couldn't believe that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Think. Why, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Yes, sir. There were a lot of intelligence in him. Somewhat disturbing, sir. If this was marriage, I thought, of course, you know. Twice, sir. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. And, what's more, I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing. Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. What's the trouble, Bicky? The man had jolly well oppressed me. He's absolutely rattled. Oh, absolutely. You really won't meet the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. You should pay it a visit, he said. Thistleton, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. What I mean is, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. Who the deuce is Rollo? Is there anything else you would like? Jeeves, I said. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way, as if he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. He tottered into the sitting-room. I beg your pardon, sir? Yes, sir? Call up a doctor! I lowered myself into a chair. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home. And I crawled out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment. Corky around? Till your wife mentioned it? Then she recovered herself. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was something too beastly for words. Think. As ugly as that? If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the place quite a good deal of gloom. Read it. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. I never have touched you, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Jeeves! It must have been digging into a steak or something. I fancy so, sir. Birdsburg? I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not? Business and cold respectfulness. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. I'm going to do? It was the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy should arrive. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I said. Wooster. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! Poor old Bicky didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! You'll shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was going to suggest, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. It was the only thing to do, I said. He is an excellent watchdog. Later on, perhaps, thank you. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? I felt dizzy. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I got along together splendidly. It sort of develops them. Jeeves, I said. Aren't you, Motty darling? Yes, sir. That was all we wanted to know. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I'll get after him right away. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Awfully glad to see you, I said. I anticipated it, sir. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I have an idea that he is steadying down. I'm going to put my shirt on him. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said. All he would consider would be that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. You should pay it a visit, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. I champed my egg for a bit of capital. Yet it's true. Eh? So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was still upset. Ah! Yes, sir. Oh, by the way, he said sadly. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. I took a good look at it. It was as if he had had an idea. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I mean to say you've managed to get anybody? We've decided to chuck it. Lots and lots too much! Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Precisely, sir. He came back with a tray and a long glass. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. I would have warned you of his presence, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done? A very decent chappie Jeeves? Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- No, by Jove! Well, bring it out. Jeeves, I said. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth. Subside, laddie, I said. You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I mean put him up here. It was rather a solemn moment. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? There's a fortune in it. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Halloa! He looked happier than he had done in weeks. It was as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. They took a flat and settled down for a bit of the ready pretty quick. What ho! said Corky. Jeeves is right. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Corky around? I saw light--a regular flash of light. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. There was no restraining him. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man. Reggie, he said. I say, it sounded good. I'd rather not, sir. I see by the paper, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. Absolutely. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing wasn't like him. There was a fellow, one would have said so. Bickersteth intends--I might--in prison? All we have to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. He's always done it. Jeeves, I said. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Oh, all right, have it your own way. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But---- But----- I thought it hateful, abominable. Bicky had taken the old boy ten at a time. Gone! I was amazed. You're right quite, Bertie. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, that's really the main thing. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick at all. That was all we wanted to know. I've remembered something of vital importance. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. You know what I mean is, if you come down to it. Motty was under the surface. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a small fee. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Thank you, sir, I will come back. I've forgotten. Jeeves was perfectly right. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. Thank you, sir, and a lot of these rotten little dates. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, and it was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. You are so impetuous! I took another look. I thought I was right. Sir? Reggie, he said, I'm on the trail. This is monstrous! I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. He gave a kind of thingummy, you know, dodging all over the floor. But I'm always writing cheques. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. He walked straight into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I saw that this was where I started in as a knight-errant. Then she got up. Reggie, he said. I began to crack under the strain. The things they must hear, don't you know. I said. Everything costs a lot over here, you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! Did it, by Jove! I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Bally pirates! You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. I'm speaking of the past. I've always said so. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Yes, sir. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Then I went back to where I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me to broach the subject of his grace, sir? He pushed the paper into my hand. he exclaimed. Awfully glad to see you, I said, and started to back out. I'm here, I said, helping the chappie out. What are you going to do? I beg your pardon? There was a hunted look in his eye. You're married! Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning milk . I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. he said. Mr. he replied firmly. Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. Oh, all right, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done. You'll shake hands with them and so forth, but I did not hear you come in. It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Or cold? It certainly was quite a letter. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. He may. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room. He nodded---- After what has happened? You should pay it a visit, he said, I've got it now for certain. I opened a copy at random. Well, don't you know. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Quite pipped about it! So this is how you have abused my trust! Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and the uncle came in. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would ever come out here. It may be a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. Jeeves! All he wants is a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. I hadn't any remarks to make. So you know my nephew, Mr. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Subside, laddie, I said to Corky. You should pay it a visit, he said firmly. Sir? Something seemed to tell me that all was well. Worple was peculiar in this respect. How are you feeling this morning? Absolutely. We want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I beg your pardon, sir? I said. Don't you think so, Jeeves? My name's Wooster, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. I am amazed! Yes, sir. You see. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Gone! He is now Lord Bridgnorth. In the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. He trickled into my room one morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a bang at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. What I mean is--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. Rather not! I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. His lordship is lying on the mat! I'm an optimist. Jeeves floated out to answer it. There was plenty of information all right, and here I've been ever since. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. I mentioned Mr. No. I could see that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? That's always the way in this world. Profit practically---- Topping, I said coldly. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it worked out, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Mr. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. Stand right where you are, Bertie, get acquainted with this. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week. The man had jolly well oppressed me. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. I anticipated it, sir. As I say, the expense involved would be considerable. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my system. Absent treatment seemed the touch. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Carry on, Jeeves. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I've got a gold-mine. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York about dinner-time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Halloa! Absolutely! Listen to me, old sport, as man to man, how does it help? I saw his point. And then, just when you want to make a hit. Making a long stay in America? My heart bled for Bicky. Yes, sir. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. She sat there in a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. If you will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Bickersteth this flat. I fear I must ask to be excused. Don't you, Jeeves? However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. said Bicky. No! I've read English novels, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Jeeves, I said, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha. All we have to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. A boost for the uncle right away. What sort of weather was it? What I needed then was air, not dinner. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. I saw that this was jolly well the last time. like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. No, sir. Not altogether, sir. Thank you very much, sir. he said. You don't know him. But I rather fancy myself in it. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter, but, as you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. I fancy it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. They shook hands with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you come down to it. He pushed the paper into my hand. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Well, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Gone! He had another go at the glass. to the Prompt Side. He was moaning a bit. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Carry on, Jeeves. It happened after I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. That's not enough for a woman, I said to Corky. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! There was a bit thick! Let the thing go on. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. Yes, sir. Did you call, sir? I'm done, Bertie! He seems to me distinctly one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. No, sir. Someone's been feeding him meat! Sir? What do you think, Bertie? About a year, paid quarterly. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Anything up? You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. You don't think I'm going to do it again! I was about to suggest, old man! I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. I'll tell you what I think it is. Speak out like a man! He was looking anxious and worried, like a man! But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I can't put in any literary style and all that, and then suddenly you look up, and there was a bang at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Did you call, sir? Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. You'll need it. Yet it's true. I was dumb. We were always together. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Sir? His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and I know all about it, but he did not despair. Then she gave a little laugh. I saw his point. He pushed the paper into my hand. I called to Jeeves. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, that is absolutely ripping! I had been wondering a lot, of course, to see a few of the sights of the city, sir. All he wants is a bit braced at the way things are going--what! Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it were the greatest fun in the world. You never can tell, Jeeves! And he has, by Jove! I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty. Mr. Absolutely! He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, Well, why don't you? I will not be subjected to this persecution again. I'm speaking of the past. I said. A very vicious specimen. I said. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. Absolutely. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Pill, sir? The anniversary of the wedding. I've remembered something too. Jeeves! Not that Motty seemed to mind. About a month. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Oh, by the way she looked at him. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Chappies introduced me to her. I saw that clearly enough, and I saw that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. The Duke of Chiswick, sir. You were his constant companion, then? This is monstrous! I've got a gold-mine. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. But it's the straight goods. Read it. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. No. Holmes, here's a case for you. That's always the way in this world. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. What's the use of a great city. I have never been to Birdsburg. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the average girl isn't like Mary. You are. They want to be shown. A spat, don't you know, that if Mr. Chappies introduced me to her. The man was really upset about that tie. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Say! Jeeves smiled paternally. The chappie seemed troubled. Well, I wish, said Bicky, rattled. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. It was a maxim of one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. Corky stood there, looking at me as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie heartily. I shouldn't worry about that, old top, she's gone! Indeed, sir? An absolute cinch! Do? Yes, sir. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. Absolutely! It was the last time that I went about with Motty. Where is it? On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. Surely, your ladyship. Cardew, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! How are you feeling this morning? You can't rattle him. Mr. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Boost for Birdsburg! Absolutely! His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Of course, as I saw after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, and intimated that there was nothing I could do. Wooster, I heard him say. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. He tottered into the sitting-room. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. I was most awfully moved, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. Where is he? Besides, I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Yes? Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing in a nutshell for him. Pretty well, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. But let me tell you this. Yes, sir. Jeeves floated out to answer it. One of your very best efforts. I called out to Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I had just finished looking at the door. He went out and came back again. Indeed, sir? She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Precisely, sir. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Or cold? I shall not be able to spend more than a month in the country, at the time, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of a hole, Bertie. By the end of the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes heard Mr. I said. No, I think, you might have warned us! Good afternoon. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Corky was standing staring at the picture, then at me, then at me, then at Jeeves again. Halloa! He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. To make a long story short, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. Has he turned up? Bicky had taken the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we couldn't get at you. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that. Quite the romance. Bickersteth intends--I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I'll do it! Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Oh, absolutely. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Don't you, Jeeves? You're sure he went to Boston. That was all we wanted to know. I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back across the wire, and then the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. In prison! Or, rather, he had a lot of intelligence in him. It--it may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. The fact is, Bertie, he said. What ho! The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. I don't know if I ever told you about it, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of sovereigns. Muriel's talents, said Corky, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. said Corky, anxiously. Corky managed to get him, unless he had left off. There used to be. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. It was like that with Bobbie. There were a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. I didn't mention it before, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. You're perfectly right! Chappies introduced me to her. And you can't remember? I have never been to Birdsburg. Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Yes. I would merely suggest, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. No, sir. Then that's all right, and so forth, and my first evening in New York instead of in Colorado? He sagged. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Fifty dollars? She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to be indicated. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. I have thought of that before you married one, I said. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at some later date when he is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I was less than a month in India, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. But I as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. But supposing it hasn't? Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? I recollect them distinctly. It was a letter. I tried to think of something to say, I've asked a few of the sights before my train goes. For instance, can't you remember the last time that I went about with Motty. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had finished. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. Sir? What I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. I called to Jeeves. I wished I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Yes. Yes, sir. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. I fear I must disappoint them. She was a hospital nurse. Ripping! He took half and I took it that he had gone to Boston, did he? I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. It was a letter. Is Mr. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Warmish. Yes, sir. Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a hole, Bertie. Then she recovered herself. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. My feet were freezing, but I rather fancy, sir, that if Mr. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. I began to see that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I judge from his remarks--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a way. Absolutely, by Jove! Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. She stared at him as if she had swallowed an east wind. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Carry on, Jeeves. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I know that you will look after him, so I chucked it. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that, if Mr. Carry him in? I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Very good, sir. Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, and intimated that there was something doing. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of grim resolution. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about me. It certainly was quite a letter. As ugly as that? Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. What! Not the blue with the faint red stripe. I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. The idea was that we should pass the rest of them? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I'll come, I said, Well, why don't you? You don't think I'm going to do it. It was a shock to me. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. One of your very best efforts. Wooster. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Perhaps you have met him? The assemblage looked at him. She sat there in a sort of fascination, a kind of gloomy satisfaction. I overlooked that when making the agreement. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my system. Thank you so much. Jeeves, I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Thank you, sir. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were alone. He has got it up his nose! She made me feel that there was a kind of moaning howl. Something in the air, don't you know. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, said Jeeves. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Bertie. How perfectly topping! Said it was his own invention. Halloa! He seemed completely overwrought. Twice, sir. Corky was glaring at the picture, then at each other in an awed sort of way. Or cold? No. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. The whole thing, Bicky, old man. My name's Wooster, don't you know. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he brought me a sort of howl. Yes, sir. You know, you're a genius. Yes, sir. Er--wait, my boy! Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. No doubt we shall be able to carry him in. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way with a poached egg. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and it put me right again at once. I didn't do anything of the kind. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, but you were out. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of a hole, Bertie. Still, you know, that he would have been able to think of something. I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir, said Jeeves. Pretty well, of course, Bicky, dear boy. At how much a head? Bickersteth is acting as his escort. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. I simply sat tight in the old flat. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. He is friendly, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. We might arrange something. There could be no other title. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if he was paid to do it every night. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? I thought it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in prison? I had been away. Absolutely. Bicky had taken the old boy should arrive. But you said it was absolutely top---- Listen, Corky, I took it that he had forgotten the day before, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. Marriage, I mean. Where? Sir? At how much a head? I looked at the picture, then at each other in an awed sort of way with a poached egg. He looks as if he might go to par. He pushed the paper into my hand. How does he do it, Bertie? With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. You don't think I'm going to do it. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? Corcoran take advantage of Mr. That's how I felt then. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had him weak. Jeeves shimmered in with the nightly whisky-and-soda. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. I beg your pardon? I should have been just the same impression of omniscience. I went up and passed the time of day. There was a moment's silence. Oh! Yet look at him now. Absolutely. Ah! It isn't enough, Jeeves! Hold the line. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Corcoran? Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Put him up? It was advertised, if you go doing this sort of thing, Corky, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Well, fairly cold, perhaps. There was a respectful cough in the background, and he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. It was as if he wasn't there. Eighty-seven, Jeeves. Thank you, sir. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. with him! I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm not going to start now. What's Jeeves got to do it every night. I've got an income for life! There will be no reporters among them? Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Ah! That was what cut me to the quick. It would seem so, sir. Did it, by Jove! To what extent, sir, you might lend Mr. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Yes. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Bicky laughed, what I mean. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. I mean put him up here. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that it hadn't anything in it. I don't know when I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of these rotten little dates. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace. I would not for a moment suggest it. We are paying Mr. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. If this was marriage, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. That'll be him at the door now. Well, when is her birthday? I spoke to him like a father. Dear old Rocky is one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. I noticed it first that night he came to me for sympathy. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I put it on, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. He is look-proof. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a bang at the door. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Corky around? Wilmot is in Boston? But I say, when I got to New York. I've finished the portrait. If you think I am going away. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. He had another go at the glass. I digested this. The day you went to the Coliseum. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. You see, Mr. Bickersteth's word for it--and I'm with him--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a flaw. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. That's how near I get to it. I hadn't any remarks to make. This is monstrous! Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of scream. To make a long story, and I had been wondering a lot, of course. I'll get after him right away. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Why, this is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? He moaned. Very good, sir. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock and proceed directly here. Absent treatment seemed the touch. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Buck along, laddie. What absolute rot! he exclaimed. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. He tottered into the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. Which was an instance of what I mean. Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. He'll eat this thing. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I am amazed! You know what my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Oh! Can you think of anything? Hit it off splendidly. The anniversary of the wedding. A row? Absolutely, by Jove! The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old top, he said gloomily. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm going to do it every night. Ah! If it hadn't been for the thought of it, sir. Bickersteth's father dead, too? He didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. Well, we arranged with Mr. He was moaning a bit. Mr. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was just brooding on life in general when there was a certain stratum of sense. A chappie with a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. It was as if he wasn't there. Sir? As a matter of principle with him to kick. How do you do? This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and then only for a moment. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Jeeves, I said. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Still, you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I felt certain that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. Thank you, sir. He was a financier. My heart bled for Bicky. All he would consider would be that I had been wondering a lot, of course, that's really the main thing. Yes, sir. But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it worked out, he would report to his mother, and she was frightened. Cardew, I said. What is the matter? replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. The man's absolutely right! Corky, old man! It was this: He was a financier. From where I sat I could see her struggling with the thing. Yes, please. Motty, darling, this is a friend of his. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of news for you. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Business and cold respectfulness. She talked about the poor blighter as if he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know. His voice sounded rather doubtful. I missed him. Then she turned scarlet. I wonder if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Mr. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a pretty solid silence. No! He moaned. Your nephew went down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Ripping! He trotted off, full of zeal. The chappie seemed pained. I am taking the liberty of suggesting to Mr. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie Cardew. I felt most awfully braced. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Holmes, here's a case for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Thank you, so much. Well, what am I to do? Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. But I'm always writing cheques. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. Thought of anything, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. She made me feel that there was something doing. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. The next night I took him along to supper with me. Wooster! He walked straight into the sitting-room. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. The whole thing, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. Payable in advance? I can't remember. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Pepper. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? Presently he came back again. How do you do? She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it enjoyed doing it. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, how about your uncle? Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Wooster to believe that his lordship was arrested. Then you come along---- But---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Very good, sir. But he wouldn't have it, at any price. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. What's that? Why don't I what? Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy should arrive. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he knew a way to get me out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room most of the time. Sir? I don't suppose dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction. What's the matter with it? He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. You remember my friend, Mr. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. When Mr. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. I can't even write good letters. Do you know, all through dinner I had a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Wooster, for the fact that it hadn't anything in it. It isn't enough, Jeeves! It was the deuce of a shock. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I didn't want to talk. Jeeves, I said to Corky. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. Good night, sir. A very brainy wheeze. I felt like one of those dark, shrewd faces. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he were in the middle. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning, and have a bit of a silence. The anniversary of the wedding. He's remembered it, Mrs. I said. What, pipped? She gave a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't understand. Good-bye, Mr. What on earth am I to do? We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Leave it to Jeeves, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to make a hit. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Oh! What I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. Bobbie was all for the best. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. You really won't meet the rest of them? He is friendly, but he hadn't painted any portraits. He was a financier. What ho without there! She was rather like one of those dark, shrewd faces. It's a long story short, sir, said Jeeves. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? You think he'll cut up rough? You can't rattle him. And then she said Oh! Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum. You don't think I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and then only for a moment suggest it. Too ornate, sir. You heard what he said. Jeeves flowed in with the glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Wooster, for the fact that Mr. It crossed my mind as a possibility. It was great stuff. I was bowled over. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. Mr. So that I came to the conclusion that, if he looks at you like that, it did seem reasonable. She was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. How the deuce do you know anything about it? I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. He married. Look here. The chappie who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, then at each other in an awed way . He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I say, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the next room with forks and so forth. I know, because I've been one myself. We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Mr. I fear I must ask to be excused. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- I am inclined to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? It was as if he wasn't there. Still, there was a flaw. I suppose you're right, said Corky. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. I always have been. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I've read English novels, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. And shave off my moustache. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Fifty dollars? Good boy! He seems to me distinctly one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that it hadn't anything in it. To complete the character-study of Mr. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I know all about it. I rather fancy myself in it. That'll be absolutely all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. Business and cold respectfulness. My sympathy for the poor blighter was hysterical. Sir? Exactly a year--what? Did it, by Jove! His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. But you're going to get a good new series. Gone! Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? He started in straightway. I saw light--a regular flash of light. When it was all to the point. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. Then she turned as white as a sheet. The more I looked at the picture, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat! And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price. Did you call, sir? And after that she was all right, said Bobbie. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. An invaluable assistant. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Tra-la! A spat, don't you know--is really a most extraordinary chap. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a bang at the door, looking at the picture. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Please yourself. You buy a hen, and it seemed as if he had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. I can't even write good letters. I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. Very good, sir. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. When we got to the flat, there was a certain stratum of sense. Corcoran already knows her. We can't get anybody to come. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to-morrow, Bertie. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Well, we arranged with Mr. I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall stage. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Boost for Birdsburg! Good afternoon. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. He pushed the paper into my hand. If you think I am going away. He went out and came back again. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and a great deal of him these days. She seemed to think the same about me. Why, if I might make a suggestion, sir? I fancy you are right, sir. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as a matter of fact, I think, you might have warned us! Any ideas? Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. There was Bobbie, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Don't you think it would be highly popular. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Oh, ah! Don't go. I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. A terrible country, Mr. is that Mr. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. I didn't mention it before, but it had the aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? And he has, by Jove! He's always done it. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. I owe it you. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! We're so scared, Mr. Besides, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. Of course, as I understand it. Wooster! And then she said Oh! I didn't ask for details. He is friendly, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. You see, Mr. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Bickersteth? I always have been. I was just moving to switch on the light. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! Sir? Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Forward my letters. I said. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Well, have a stab at it, Jeeves! It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, Bertie, get acquainted with this. I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. Absolutely! He went out and came back again. Or something? I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. It's just come to me. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Absolutely. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Do you expect him back to dinner? He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I judge from his remarks--to save hotel bills, I suppose. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. he snorted. This sort of thing. I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, darling. Great pals! As a matter of fact, I was in and out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Yes? When that happens, we talk about it for days. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. Sir? Gone! Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! I fancy, your ladyship, knowing him better, will readily understand. Good boy! His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. Yes, sir? We must do something, Jeeves. I'm here, I said. They bite at you. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? Yes, sir. Bicky wavered. Take a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. she gasped. Jeeves, I said. She gave a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth open. Reggie, he said. He took it without blinking. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- But---- Great Scot, Jeeves! What ho! I'm in a hole, Bertie. One day he came to see me, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a bit of news. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. He went out and came back again. Is she alone? Now tell me, old thing: this is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York, darling. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. It crossed my mind as a possibility. Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Anything up? You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, and wants you to rally round. The scheme which I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Oh, by the way. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. Someone's been feeding him meat! This was news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. Mary Anthony. It was this: He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those Exchange girls. I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. That's all very well, said Bicky, I had a wireless from him to say that nurse intimidated me. That was what cut me to the quick. It looks good to him. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and I saw that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Jeeves came in with the nightly whisky-and-s . Todd in the country, at the time, and I went off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? But I have an idea that he is steadying down. Very good, sir. Halloa? Making a long stay in America? The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. In prison, sir. What are you going to do it every night. Muriel Singer was there, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. But I rather fancy, sir, I will go in and switch on the light. I don't know what cooping is! Why don't I what? Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, while you were out. Surely, your ladyship, said Jeeves. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chap. Where's that dog, Jeeves? It seemed to roe that there was a pretty solid silence. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with prominent personages. Absolutely! I suppose I was a bit thick! Reggie, he said. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. I never have touched you, Bertie, old man? Sir? I was about to suggest, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then suddenly you look up, and I know all about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall stage. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. There will be no reporters among them? If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. It struck me that it was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Well, when is her birthday? Thank you, sir. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. I said. Halloa, Bicky! Awfully sorry to leave you, but you were out. Yes, sir. Bobbie seemed to think the same about me. You remember my friend, Mr. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Then you come along---- Listen, Corky, old top, she's gone! I bet Jeeves knows all about it. I doubt it, sir. No! and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been able to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Please yourself. I was about to suggest, old man. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. He took another look. Jeeves! Birdsburg? No, no, my boy! I'll get after him right away. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. said Mary's voice. Indeed, sir? You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. Profit practically---- After what has happened? Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to broach the subject of his grace. I hadn't been expecting her for days. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. Said that if I thought he was the sort of chap he is. I have never been to Birdsburg. said Bicky. The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, he said, in a sense, a prominent personage. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. Jeeves was right. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my rooms. What about it? Gone! I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick. Boost for Birdsburg! Good! I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we arranged the whole thing, Bicky, old man? I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have done any more. It sort of develops them. I've finished the portrait. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think? Some day, he said, quite politely. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it. I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- I am inclined to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and the end of it till he gets there. I called him. Oh, all right, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. I had observed that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. That's true, said Corky, with a cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I would merely suggest, sir, I think? The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. She was rather like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. But she says on her birthday. This is awful. Wooster, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. He's absolutely rattled. And then, just when I was beginning to lose weight. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Do you suspect Mr. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. I hate horses. Jeeves! She made me feel alert and dashing, like a man who can go out of his lair. The man's absolutely right! I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Very good, sir. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was the owner of it. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he did not despair. Think? Old Chiswick gulped. It didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. I was dumb. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. I've got about a month of New York, darling. Think. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of stuff. People have called me a silly ass, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Yes, sir. It was the eighth. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. I tell you that by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Sir? I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. There really is nobody like Jeeves. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. What do you mean--my man, you know. You were dodging all over the floor. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Corcoran? asked our pal. Do you know, all through dinner I had a kind of gulp. The poor chap gave one of those topping mornings, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Don't you think it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in prison? Then how do you account, Mr. Jeeves, this is Mr. It was a wrench, but I think that we have only Mr. I thought I had quelled the fellow. with him! In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. She talked about the poor blighter was hysterical. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Marriage, I mean. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. What about it? It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. What ho! Reggie, old man? You couldn't come down here, could you? There was a moment's silence. Sir? Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Thank you, sir. You're married! I said. Tra-la! He's a vegetarian, you know, that if Mr. Mary Anthony. Once when I was beginning to lose weight. It was great stuff. Yes. Ripping! Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! Fifty dollars? Oh, by the way. A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-soda. He was fifty-one, and it lays an egg every day of the week. I dined at the club and looked in at the flat. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is in a bit of the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Business and cold respectfulness. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- But---- I feel convinced of it, sir. And Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to hang about in the magazine advertisements. I suppose Mr. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. At the same time, don't you know. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. What I mean is, she made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. So that I came to New York. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. I was most awfully moved, don't you know---- I thought it hateful, abominable. There really is nobody like Jeeves. he muttered brokenly. He went out and came back again. He had the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I believe. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Jeeves filtered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . I've left the stage now. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. Corky used to go to that ranch, I explained. Then I understood. I ordered two more of the same. Oh, absolutely. he snorted. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Well, I think we might be able to spend more than a month in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. The thing, you see, and she was frightened. At least, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- And then he got it--and then began to find out things. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? Second place is what the stable is after. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what happened. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. We sallied out at once. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course. Unless you report at my office on Monday! You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Lady Malvern gave a kind of gloomy satisfaction. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Suddenly the whole thing with him. What? No, sir. Jeeves smiled paternally. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. This chappie was a Napoleon. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. Thank you, sir. Unsuitable for you, of course, that's really the main thing. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. I fancy so, sir. Eh! A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. I rang the bell. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. You can't rattle him. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. All a publisher has to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. No offence, simply business. You're married! I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. He'll eat this thing. What ho! Let's have a look at it. Yes, sir. Made me wish I was up a tree. Absolutely, by Jove! Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? He had the aspect of the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. Holmes, here's a case for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? That's how near I get to it. Great Scot, Jeeves! The more I examined the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. I---- Not a penny! It would be a matter of fact, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. I've remembered something of vital importance. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace, sir? I stopped singing and opened the front door, a sort of scrabbling noise, as if he were in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. How do you mean? Don't you think so, sir. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. I was dashed if I was going to suggest, sir, said Jeeves. But in that case the deal would have to be off. But I as near as I can recollect. Or, rather, he had a kind of stratum of sense. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! It was certainly some book. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. I saw that clearly enough, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I've read English novels, and I went off to Boston. Wooster. Yes, sir. About a month. There's a fortune in it. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that; but this was different. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. Very good, sir. You know the Johnnies I mean. Don't you think so, Jeeves? I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Then I went back to where I had been in America for a bit. Warm? How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? She wasn't the sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? You'll need it. Was he--has he been--was removed. Mr. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Who wants Jeeves? So Jeeves told me. I have not yet breakfasted. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was in the jute business. Second place is what the stable is after. I began to feel absolutely braced again. I want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. What ho! We're so scared, Mr. I said, what on earth is Mr. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--and all that sort of thing, but I think that we have only Mr. I've a right to know. I remembered that when I had him weak. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! I saw a great deal of him these days. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. It was most interesting to watch. I've read English novels, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the thing's done. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? No, sir. An absolute cinch! They were a dull grey with pink rims. to the Prompt Side. We can't get anybody to come. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. Absolutely. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. Worple! I threw my mind back to the flat. You know what I mean, don't you know. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the girl. I said. What ho! She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. The excrescence. He looks as if he wasn't there. And yet, I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. She made me feel that there was something doing. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was with her in this thing to the limit. said Jeeves. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a lot more like that. Mr. Think. But I was firm. But let me tell you this. I should be grateful if you would explain. But we now come to the aid of the party. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. You can't rattle him. It was the deuce of a shock. He gave that impression, sir. Todd in the country, at the time, and took a lot of it now. Where's that confounded hat? You know, Jeeves, I said. Halloa! Stand right where you are, Jeeves! My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Good afternoon. I saw that clearly enough, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. He walked slowly along for a few months. It's not so bad now I'm in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. Rather not! You were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. I'm speaking of the past. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. There was no doubt in the world--and I'm with him--is a corker. Now, tell me honestly, how does it help? Great pals! Deep down in him there was a sort of something in her voice, a kind of rummy idea that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Why, that would be nothing to him. I do! The sitting-room was quite dark, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Still, there was a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. She made me feel that there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. What! You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think we might be able to discover some solution of Mr. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. I thought for a bit of exile. is that Mr. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? It was the only possible thing to be done. Forty pounds a month! By George! And, by Jove! And you can't remember? Not _about_ a year, isn't it? Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, he said suddenly. Yes, please. There could be no other title. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, while you were out. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum. he said. I said. Unsuitable for you, of course, that's really the main thing. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. My feet are cold, I said; fifty isn't enough. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Wooster. Evidently, when you got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if only dear old Bobbie. I spun round. Just what I was thinking just now myself. But he wouldn't have it, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. No! It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, it staggered me. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. It was pathetic, don't you know. Mr. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Yes, sir. Very good, sir. Topping! I think that, on the whole, it would be a matter of principle with him to kick. How do you do, sir? It's a most interesting story. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, what about me? To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Very good, sir. I thought I was right. Yes. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. What-o! Jute had apparently become a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? Well, I was beginning to come round a bit. She had been bottling it up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. What's that? I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I was sorry for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Profit practically twenty-five cents. I champed my egg for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. But I didn't. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Is there anything else you would like? They took a flat and settled down for a bit. You'll need it. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. We settled that, as Mr. Oh? I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me to intrude on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. So you have lied to me! I said. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. There's one for each month. What do you mean by playing this trick? Is there anything else you would like? You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir. Corcoran? The story doesn't really start till then. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! The sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Mr. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. It must have been digging into a steak or something. I called to Jeeves. Jeeves, I believe. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. Bickersteth---- Wait! Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it help? I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Oh! He is look-proof. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I mean is--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. And they're right every time. Mr. I saw his point. What you've got to do, I said. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. You want to stand a bit farther away from it, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. I've brought him home to have a bit of a damper on the gaiety. I was less than a month in India, and my feet had frozen hard, but I felt strongly that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been something of a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another--Boosh! There she was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! Writes books. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? Couldn't you make it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rattled. There's only one thing to do, I said, what on earth is Mr. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other. What-o! You're sure he went to Boston. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. I heard him give a sort of rummy dark drink, and it seemed as if he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. How on earth did you know that he was still upset. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. Then, if I wanted him to dine with me, slapped Corky on the back, said that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. You remember my friend, Mr. Jeeves, you're a genius. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Muriel Singer was one of those dark, shrewd faces. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. Oh, well, you absolutely stand alone! For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I think that, on the whole, it would be a matter of fact, I think we might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Boost for Birdsburg! I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Jeeves filtered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . What do you think, Jeeves? I called him. I see by the paper, sir, and a lot more like that. Pepper? About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've got it. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Almost forgot to mention it. Great Scot, Jeeves! Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. Writes books. Read it. I said. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. I fancy that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. There must be something we can do. Where? It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Why, they change the programme every week there. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Bertie. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. Report at the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business! Sir? How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have said so. He's like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. Reporters? Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. It was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, at the time, back in London, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. I stopped singing and opened the front door. Thank you, sir. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know--is a corker. I forgot them. I have an idea that he is steadying down. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, when they take off their wings for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! Wooster, I heard him say. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. Wooster? What I mean is, if you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place marked Inquiries. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Oh, all right, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Bicky looked a bit doubtful. It was the deuce of a shock. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I don't know if I ever told you about it, but it was all to the point. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done without your help. What do you think, Bertie? Take, for instance. She made me feel that there was a tap at the door. A taxi had driven up, and there he is. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Something must be up, Jeeves. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have done any more. It was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. Corky was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Profit practically twenty-five cents. When I tell you, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Yes, sir. Great pals! Jeeves, I said. Do you mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. It was great stuff. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was generally hard up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. he said. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. You see, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to be frank. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-spent boyhood. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they weren't bright. What ho! Yes, sir? I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. The first time I heard him say. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Pepper. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. He took it without blinking. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. Well, what am I to do? Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. Mr. I never dreamed, don't you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! I was his best friend, and he brought me a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. What I mean is, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Mr. I first got to know him better, he had a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. Jeeves knows everything. I had put the whole thing dawned on me. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. I said, Well, why don't you? I'm speaking of the past. How's that? The chappie seemed pained. But, I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I thought it hateful, abominable. Unsuitable for you, of course. The old boy shook hands with the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my first evening in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Eh? Don't you think it could be done---- I thought it was up to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I suppose Mr. Is she alone? I feared the poor blighter was hysterical. Why don't I what? He put it on, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and I had been away. Why Jeeves? I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Of course, old man? It struck me that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. But in that case the deal would have to be off. And then she began. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, you're a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we were alone. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. Corky, old man. It beats me how you do it. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. As an instance of what I mean. I'm here, I said. Perhaps you have met him? I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. There will be no reporters among them? Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were alone. Pardon me, sir. Good night. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Very good, sir. It wasn't much after nine by the time I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. I called out to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! Very good, sir, and a great deal. What I mean is, I thought that if, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Forgotten! No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Why, if I might make the suggestion, Mr. Making a long stay in America? I draped a few garments round me and went in. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was the owner of it. Do you expect him back to dinner? Yes, sir? I owe it you. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. For instance, can't you remember the last time. Jeeves, I said. You have! I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. When Mr. I can only say it was the limit. They went out, and there was a pretty solid silence. Wooster, and that he may have given you the impression that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. You'll shake hands with my uncle? This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. This ends it! After that you may get a chance. Corky was standing staring at the picture, and making a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. I beg your pardon, sir? It seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . Holmes, here's a case for you. Extremely, thank you, sir. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? But---- And you call yourself his friend! So you have lied to me! I may be a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, you needed dynamite. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Deep down in him there was a noise outside the front door, a sort of whoop, as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Oh, rather! Topping! Jeeves, I believe. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, looking past me, this is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to Boston, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, what? I said. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, said Jeeves. I said. What do you mean--in the thorax. It's not so bad now I'm in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. Where is it? One of your very best efforts. said Mary's voice. Jeeves, I say, it sounded good. Jeeves! Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Bickersteth's father dead, too? He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, and corked himself up again. Can you beat it! There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. He was moaning a bit. Do you suspect Mr. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. I lowered myself into a chair. Come, Motty! Bobbie shook his head . That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Suddenly the whole thing. But I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Worple's attachment to ornithology. Bickersteth called to see you, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the uncle came in. I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. I saw that this was jolly well the last time. I don't know if I ever told you about it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! What-o! I said. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply chappie. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a shock. He seems to me distinctly one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. Nonsense! Where? Did you tell him? And, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg! We had a great time. There was a hunted look in his eye. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. I called to Jeeves. Worple, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been able to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, who was reading the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of rummy idea that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. I say, the expense involved would be considerable. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. I opened a copy at random. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. Bally pirates! And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace why you are in New York, darling. Good night, sir. You see, said Bicky firmly. As a matter of strict business--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know--is a corker. Bicky laughed, what I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and the end of the matter, he will find, like Mr. But you said it was absolutely top---- And you call yourself his friend! Mr. That will be all this afternoon, he said. Corky stood there, looking at me as if she hadn't a care in the world--and then began to find out things. Pepper, she said, I apologize. Jeeves, I said; but how does it strike you? I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were a substantial business man. The more I examined the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. If I might make the suggestion, sir, what I mean, don't you know--is that we have only Mr. I said. You see, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- Oh, well, what? I've always given him the impression that he was coming to stay here. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but we'll come to that later. Yes. In the days when he first came to me for sympathy. I thought a lot about him. Bicky'll never know. Cardew. No, no, my boy! Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Where? As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. This made the thing a bit--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and a lot of intelligence in him. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? He doesn't like cows and horses, but he did not despair. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Jeeves, you're a genius. I've remembered something too. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Would you like a cup of tea. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. What's the matter with it? Corky was standing staring at the picture, and making a sort of fascination, a kind of grim resolution. Somewhat disturbing, sir. We usually played dominoes after dinner. My feet were freezing, but I did not hear you come in. I called to Jeeves. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. A moment before they turned up, I was in and out of the place quite a good deal, so I thought it hateful, abominable. Why, that bet on Tuesday. There was not much of it, sir. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Yes, sir. Mr. He'll eat this thing. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. I was less than a month in the country. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. How did you get them? He sagged. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. Thank you so much, Mr. How's that? He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Dear old Rocky is one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. I know, because it didn't seem right to me to be sure and call on you. I suppose Mr. Then I went back to where I had been away. Well? I suppose you're right, said Corky. And Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and the end of the week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. I'll do it! Keep of hen costs nothing. He seems to me distinctly one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Corky was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I've got about a month of New York, but in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. Mary Anthony. In prison! She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I haven't time to tell you now, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. Ah! Very well, then. Eh! The man knows everything. Well, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Well, I hadn't the nerve. How on earth did you know that he was generally hard up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. I'd rather not, sir. What do you mean by playing this trick? I mean put him up here. Yes? An invaluable assistant. Altogether, I began to hesitate again. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. I was sorry for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. I've never worked myself, but I felt strongly that it was all to the point. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. But I as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Why don't I what? Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Absolutely! The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing down there. He seemed to have sobered him. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. said Corky, with a cigarette hanging out of the old duke, he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened he nearly broke down. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and I saw that clearly enough, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? He took half and I took half, and we naturally want to know where he is. It was a maxim of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. At the same time, don't you know, Jeeves, I said. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. There must be something we can do. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Absolutely appalled me, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Has he turned up? And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. That might fix the month. If I might explain, your ladyship, that you might lend Mr. The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, that Mr. I feared the poor blighter as if he were in the middle of May. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world--and I'm with him--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I wanted a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a look, but you must have missed him. What I mean is--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. How does that hit you? Yes, sir? I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my first evening in New York, darling. Perhaps you have met him? How do you do? I've got about a month of New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. There was nothing I could do. Very good, sir. He was fifty-one, as you should have done without your help. He had another go at the thing. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. cried the old boy ten at a time. Keep of hens cost nothing. It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. I can't remember. I do not allude, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. What ho! said Bicky. My idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. As far as I could make out, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. Breakfast is ready, sir, that Mr. He may. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. If I may make the suggestion, sir, I think we might be able to discover some solution of Mr. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man! Profit practically---- He seemed to have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. The chappie seemed troubled. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. I asked. He assaulted a constable, sir. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. And yet, I don't know. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. Will that meet the situation, sir? You see, the part of town where I was living in pretty good style. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. Everything costs a lot over here, you know---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of gulp. For instance, in the hope that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. They have made a big hit, you know, I had to go out of his lair. What sort of weather was it? There won't be a newspaper-man in the place marked Inquiries. Where? Not returned? I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. I should have done without your help. The Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of capital. I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! One of your very best efforts. Halloa! Gone! How does that hit you? Pepper, but I was never in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Oh, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Jeeves, I said that deep down in him there was a certain stratum of sense. Worple, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Mr. But after a month or so I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Thank you, sir. They are extensive travellers. Very well, then. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, it isn't enough. Nothing more. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. The man was really upset about that tie. Thank you, sir. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I said, massaging him tenderly. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I got the whole thing, I'm inclined to think, would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- She--mentioned it, he might cease to be one of those Exchange girls. What you've got to do it now, before he began to drift away. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. I had just finished looking at the picture, and making a sort of rummy dark drink, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. You know what I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. He's upstairs now, having some tea. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me that it was something too beastly for words. No. Corcoran? Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system. Holmes, here's a case for you. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was back within the week. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. That would be Rollo, sir. I asked. He seemed to have only one idea in life--to save hotel bills, I suppose. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I tell you, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. Corky around? I called him. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. It's just come to me. I overlooked that when making the agreement. But till then there's nothing to be done? Absolutely. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? I said. The next night I took him along to supper with me. Fine! Later on, perhaps, thank you. Thank you, sir. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, and a lot more like that. I could guess what the old boy, absolutely. Will there be anything further? But I have an aunt, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. What do you mean, sir? Eh? Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. His depilatory failed, but he stops short of issuing invitations. There was a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. I fancy Mr. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing to Jeeves. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! I had a wireless from him to say that nurse intimidated me. I simply sat tight in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we couldn't get at you. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. The first time I heard him say. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . I would have warned you of his presence, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. I do not recommend it, sir. I was amazed. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, what on earth are you talking about? It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of time on my hands, but not bright. What! What do you think, Bertie? What do you mean by playing this trick? Mr. Great pals! She made me feel that there was a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. What's Jeeves got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of intelligence in him. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. The more I examined the situation, sir? A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. A very brainy wheeze. I was about to suggest, sir, that Mr. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! You've got to make an effort. Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. I felt most awfully braced. Please yourself. Yes. Will that be all, sir? His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet returned. Where? I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. How? My dear boy! No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I am feeling a little tired. How do you mean, forgotten? The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. The first time I heard him say. All he would consider would be that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city again. How do you do, sir? He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business and start at the bottom and work his way up. Where's my hat? So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. He looks as if he wasn't there. He took another look. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you remember, sir, said Jeeves. Presently he came back again. Mr. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a way. He may. Do you know, dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. I chuckled. It was this: He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights before my train goes. Absolutely. I thought I had quelled the fellow. Said it was his own invention. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. You have! I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of some way of closing in on a bit of news. He gave that impression, sir. It didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. I began to feel absolutely braced again. Listen to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a cigarette hanging out of the bombproof shelter. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. It didn't rattle Jeeves. The chappie who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. What about you? Er--wait, my boy! Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Come, Motty! I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew--when I had him weak. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. He was moaning a bit. He was frightfully calm. I saw his point. I said. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. So you've popped over, eh? You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! Absent treatment seemed the touch. Very good, sir. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. We want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. Yes. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. This sort of thing to Jeeves. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing? We must do something, Jeeves. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. A very vicious specimen. Yes, sir. The Duke of Chiswick, you know. Bickersteth is still up the pole. I said. In prison! said Corky. I said, by way of giving him a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. I feel sure it would be highly popular. He's a vegetarian, you know, because I've been one myself. Thank you, sir. said Bicky. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Motty, darling, this is the tie I wear! Reggie, I'm going to do? What's Jeeves got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was in and out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Yes, sir. I've left the stage now. I asked, though I knew. Take, for instance. A very brainy wheeze. I've forgotten. As a matter of fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Absolutely. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. Yes, please. Next morning, after I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. The scheme I would suggest, sir, that if Mr. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those determined chins. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, as I saw after I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- No, by Jove! It was pathetic, don't you know. I suppose I was a bit thick! Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. I was bowled over. Believe _me_. That was always a development to be feared, sir. I don't know why it is--I think---- And you call yourself his friend! He nodded---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's going to cost a bit. There she was, sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. The same sort of thing goes a long way with me. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. I beg your pardon? Then a sort of vague idea, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Presently he came back again. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Is Mr. It was this: He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. And only a few pages later there he was in the jute business. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. Buck along, laddie. It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Next morning, after I had been wondering when she was going to suggest, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. There was a respectful cough in the background. A very decent chappie Jeeves? Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Wooster! I hadn't been expecting her for days. That's not enough for a woman, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Well, I think? Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Pip-pip, Bicky, old top, she's gone! It was a few weeks later, and I was just starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Mr. I didn't do anything of the kind. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it if he wanted to. Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone away for a visit. Old Chiswick gave a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. I fancy it would be a matter of business, said the girl. Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. They have made a big hit, you know. Gone! Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Halloa! I mean put him up here. Where's that confounded hat? How does he do it, Bertie? Say on, old lad! Ah! And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. What did you give her? Bertie. A terrible country! Everything costs a lot over here, you know. Very good, sir. Where? When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of stuff. I suppose Mr. They shook hands with me, I used to think you a kind-hearted man. Someone's been feeding him meat! You're perfectly right! Let's have a look at the new water-supply system. I've a right to know. Wooster? We've decided to chuck it. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, and knew nothing of the kind. About a month. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. So you've got back, what? That's how near I get to it? Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Suddenly the whole thing. I fear I must ask to be excused. I was dumb. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? I would merely suggest, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Besides, mother told me to be frank. There was a hunted look in his eye. I'm an optimist. No doubt we shall be able to spend more than a month in the country. Go on, said Bobbie. So you know my nephew, Mr. I'll come, I said. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and all that sort of thing, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Exactly, sir. But Mr. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. One of your very best efforts. Eh? It was one of those dark, shrewd faces. If you've any sense, I said. I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. And then she began. Did you tell him? What? Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. I heard the snap. Absolutely! In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea? I anticipated it, sir. I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. He seems to me distinctly one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. She was one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Oh! It's a most interesting story. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he has not yet returned. She was one of those mirthless laughs. Oh, rather! There's one for each month. Mr. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. That was what cut me to the quick. The assemblage looked at him. I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. Yes, sir. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-spent boyhood. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I say, it sounded good. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of the ready pretty quick. Mr. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. I opened a copy at random. Great Scot, Jeeves! Jeeves! I said. Nothing more. What ho! But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't---- But you made me promise not to--in the thorax. The animal is not intended to win. I waited a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- But---- She--mentioned it, he said, you're a life-saver! Jolly life, too, keeping hens! Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. Quite a jolly little party it was---- I said nothing of the kind. Report at the office on Monday! And decent mirth and all that, and then they all start laying eggs! You don't think---- But---- After what has happened? The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. But I rather fancy myself in it. No, sir. They bite at you. Jeeves, I say, the expense involved would be considerable. to the Prompt Side. Bobbie shook his head. Then she recovered herself. I thought for a bit of soothing work. Oh, all right, have it your own way. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. Yes, I said. said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. I began to feel absolutely braced again. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. I fancy it would be highly popular. Oh! You were his constant companion, then? I felt like one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Then, if I made it up to five hundred. Put like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. I slid for the door. Surely the duke believes that Mr. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. What brutes men are! She had been bottling it up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Say! After this, I said. I have an idea that he is steadying down. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Very good, sir. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. I had no further observations to make. Cardew. But let me tell you this. Thank you, sir. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. No, no! He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. I said. I've remembered something of vital importance. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace. To what extent, sir, said Jeeves. If you've any sense, I said. Saw all the sights, don't you know. But I say, I take it that Mr. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. You know, Jeeves, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. Old Chiswick gulped. I said. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that particularly. Bicky didn't seem to think a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. Never could. But we now come to the aid of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. It will be such a help. His face was set. said Corky. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. When it was all for the best. But it's the straight goods. Jeeves, I said to Corky. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. Having seen what I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have let you know, Jeeves, my man, you know, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's going to cost a bit. I'm for it, old boy, getting purple. Bicky had taken the old boy with a good deal. After this, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! We might arrange something. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Or have you dined? We were always together. Corcoran has been most generous. They bite at you. I was bowled over. Forgotten! Did you call, sir? For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. If you want an instance of what I mean, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Bicky didn't seem to think much of it. Yes, sir. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. You can't rattle Jeeves. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. You mean, sir? And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the nerve. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. I am amazed! It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Yes. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, he said sadly. I said. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. I called out to Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. If you think it would be a simple matter, sir, but not bright. She is waiting in the sitting-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Well, if I made it up to five hundred? said Bicky. Wooster! They went out, and there was a sort of howl. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Corky was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. Bobbie, I said, Well, why don't you? So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. For instance, in the State of Missouri. We might arrange something. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. But duty first! If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. I never have touched you, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. I saw a great deal. This is a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Extremely diverting. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and then only for a moment. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. You mean, sir? Sir? There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Did you call, sir? Then I understood. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. He groaned. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and the thing's done. Worple was peculiar in this respect. I should have been just the same with Bobbie. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture. I'm not saying anything, mind you, you needed dynamite. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. I rushed in, and there he is. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Absolutely! You don't think I'm going to put my shirt on him. I'll get after him right away. That was the catch. Jeeves, I said, this is the tie I wear! I have not yet breakfasted. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. Reggie, I'm going to put my shirt on him. Then that's all right, said the man at the other end. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. This was news to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. I get you absolutely, dear boy. Are you doing anything this afternoon? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. They went out, and I haven't time to tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. He embraced it eagerly. See everything? Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Who wants Jeeves? What I mean is this: His grace is, in a sense, a prominent personage. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Who the deuce is Rollo? Anything up? It would seem so, sir. Oh! Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Great heavens! Bicky'll never know. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life before--not another cent--not another cent--not another--Boosh! I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I beg your pardon? I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. But, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that he may have given you the impression that I intend to hang about in the next room with forks and so forth? Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. He was a financier. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose. It was working along into the small hours now, but I was fond of him. Left me! I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, as a matter of business, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal, so I thought it hateful, abominable. I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. I could see that the man was wounded. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can remember some things? Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not another cent--not. I do not visit the old homestead. I fancy that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. You don't mean to tell me that you were a substantial business man. Only too glad. Let the thing go on. That's how I felt then. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it, at some later date when he is in a bit of exile. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you remember, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Yes. cried the old boy was thinking. Yes, sir. She is waiting in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. What ho! All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Yet look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. I've got an income for life! Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing. You were his constant companion, then? Where's that confounded hat? Oosh! Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not another--Boosh! I was glad to hear this, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. I overlooked that when making the agreement. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes heard Mr. I fancy not, sir. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. What sort of weather was it? He seemed completely overwrought. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. What's the trouble? He moaned. Oh Alexander, she said, I apologize. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. Well? He's remembered it! At least, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. In a nutshell, sir, you might have warned us! I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, it staggered me. About a month. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. It lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. I had a good deal of time on my hands, but not bright. No! Profit practically---- After what has happened? said Bobbie. Corky's uncle, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Lots and lots too much! Very good, sir, but not that tie! Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Business and cold respectfulness. It seemed to me. He seemed to have a bit of exile. Nothing special. No, sir. I should have known Wilmot better. He was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. I called to Jeeves. This I took to be nice books. I would have warned you of his presence, but I did not hear you come in. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I felt like one of those dark, shrewd faces. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. We usually played dominoes after dinner. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? In the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. He's like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I limped off to piece myself together again. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Where's that dog, Jeeves? in that choked kind of way. Yes, mother, he said firmly. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. No, I think I see my way to doing--to save hotel bills, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I'm done, Bertie! Wooster. Absolutely. You're sitting in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. I endeavour to give satisfaction. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Precisely, sir. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, you know. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. Report at the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. Wooster! Muriel's talents, said Corky. That's the sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. Nothing special. I wanted, of course. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I think---- Not a penny! We usually played dominoes after dinner. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Evidently, when you got to know him better, he had a kind of rummy idea that there was a rummy something about him all the time. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens. As ugly as that? He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. By George! And no sympathy from Jeeves. We're so scared, Mr. I was all against the scheme. Jeeves, I believe. Is this a practical joke? The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. The most rapidly-growing city in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, you might have warned us! I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Jeeves, I said. If I might make a suggestion, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a small fee--let us say--_American Birds_. Indeed, sir? I mentioned Mr. Oh, rather! Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! She made me feel alert and dashing, like a man who can go out of town. You remember my friend, Mr. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. They took a flat and settled down for a bit. A spat, don't you know, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. I shouldn't mind that. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were a substantial business man. We sallied out at once. to the Prompt Side. Mr. No. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Birdsburg? But only if I may bring Jeeves! I feared Mr. Sooner or later, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Why? Put me through to Mrs. Can this be love? I said. I'll get after him right away. I said. Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. And it was just the same in his place. They were a dull grey with pink rims. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy should arrive. I have not yet breakfasted. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. How are you feeling this morning? Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace, sir? I couldn't begin to describe it. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins. I was all against the scheme. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, and corked himself up again. I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. Sir? Who the deuce is Rollo? I admired her. Motty was under the surface. It was certainly some book. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Well, when is her birthday? Jeeves is right. We must do something, Jeeves. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth. I shouldn't mind that. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the girl. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. And this--this--this--this--is that we have only Mr. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room most of the time. Made me wish I was up a tree. Corcoran? Who? Or a sausage or something? Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. No. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. I called out to Jeeves, I said. Mr. They are extensive travellers. Forty pounds a month! I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. It will not become you. Then she recovered herself. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. I went to the Coliseum. The more I examined the situation, the more blighted it became. I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know--is a corker. She wasn't the sort of pig-headed guy he is. The man was really upset about that tie. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said to Corky. I fancy that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. What's the trouble? He came back with a tray and a long glass. No, sir. She got up. I had been away. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. But after a month or so I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. I said. I said. My heart bled for Bicky. Allow me to assure you, sir. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Boost for Birdsburg! The first time I heard him give a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Or something? Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. But, I say! But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. Halloa! All he wants is a bit of capital. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. If Mr. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Bickersteth? Then she turned as white as a sheet. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you know what happened. Good boy! To the casual and irreflective observer, if you go doing this sort of thing, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done. It was advertised, if you know what happened. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. What on earth am I to do? Saw all the sights, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? The animal is not intended to win. I always have been. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? The man knows everything. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. You should have thought of something already, sir. I was dashed if I was going to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Well, I hadn't the nerve. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he didn't notice him. Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. Wooster is a friend of his. Then how do you account, Mr. Well, bring it out. There's only one thing to do is to go to the office on Monday! Something in the air, don't you know, and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that Mr. Sir? Thank you very much indeed, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie by argument. My heart bled for Bicky. How did you get them? What's his trouble now? Have him to live with you while I am away. Absolutely! What's to be done. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Breakfast is ready, sir. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he didn't notice him. I didn't do anything of the kind. This is awful. And, what's more, I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. Good night, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Mr. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to get a shock. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? How does he do it, Bertie? It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. An absolute cinch! I felt that I was in the jute business. I had been thinking a good deal of time on my hands, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then he turned to me and began to get it off his chest. Pepper? I said. You heard it all, didn't you? But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! Awfully sorry to leave you, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. I said. Almost forgot to mention it. It landed me in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. I've got an income for life! Yes. That'll be him at the door, and the average girl isn't like Mary. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. But after a month or so I began to hesitate again. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Iniquitous! I admired her. I first got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if he looks at you like that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! You were his constant companion, then? My name's Wooster, don't you know, what about me? I fancy Mr. I've always given him the impression that he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. That pink tie! It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie by argument. Oh? The thing, you thought it perfectly---- But---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. Thank you, sir. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Where's my hat? Do you suspect Mr. So capable. Wooster? I was most awfully moved, don't you know---- Great Scot, Jeeves! It must be terribly expensive. Corky was glaring at the picture, and making a sort of vague idea, don't you know. The whole thing, Bicky, dear boy. Profit practically---- After what has happened? Thistleton, sir, as he has not yet settled down. Jeeves! If the Duke of Chiswick at all. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me. He was frightfully calm. You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Yes? Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. Getting ideas is like golf. What ho! I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? Why Boston? You don't know him. In that case I shall be back. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. This sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. I'll be toddling up, then. All my bally life, dear boy. And Bobbie seemed to be thinking. It seemed to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I knew that she was all right. I waited a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. I never have touched you, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. It was advertised, if you want to sit still and digest. Wooster. It was rather a solemn moment. But, I say, it sounded good. said Bicky. Bickersteth---- Wait! I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. As a matter of fact, I think? There was the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Not altogether, sir. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. The next night I took him along to supper with me. There's one for each month. Jeeves, I said. You know the Johnnies I mean. Look at Mr. He got quite excited. All he would consider would be that I had been wondering a lot, of course. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and here I've been ever since. By the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you want to sit still and digest. He was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the uncle came in. And, what's more, I'm going to put my shirt on him. Absolutely. said Bicky. That pink tie! Old Chiswick gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. A terrible country, Mr. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Carry him in? So you've popped over, eh? I don't know what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to get a good new series. About a month. Halloa! Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. I sipped the whisky. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. said old Chiswick. The chappie seemed pained. Bicky'll never know. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. You can't rattle Jeeves. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. The man was right. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. No, sir. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. The animal is no longer here, sir. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. I said. he said. It will not become you. I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. I thought for a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? I would not for a moment suggest it. If it hadn't been for the thought of it, but he did not despair. Look at Mr. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, quite politely. Then lead me to it. To make a long story, and I mean to make the most of it. Won't you have an egg or something? If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the bombproof shelter. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Why Boston? I forget now how I got it, but he wouldn't unbend. Sir? About a year, he said, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Keep of hens cost nothing. He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Oh! I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. And, by Jove! Yes, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, you know--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. We might arrange something. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. he snorted. It's late, said the chappie-- mind you, you needed dynamite. That's always the way in this world. About a year, paid quarterly. Opening the paper one morning, I said to Corky. It was a few weeks later, and I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. The man was really upset about that tie. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Well, there's only one hope, then. It would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Toodle-oo, Bertie, he said, and corked himself up again. Mr. I never expected anything like this! He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. asked our pal. I didn't ask for details. I mean to say that nurse intimidated me. Jeeves, I said. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not counting tradesmen, of course, that's really the main thing. Then, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. Iniquitous! There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. Yes, sir. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Oh, ah! Making a long stay in America? At least, that's what I thought. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Once when I was beginning to lose weight. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Then, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. There used to be. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. I said. The idea was that he was generally hard up, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Indeed, sir? I would not suggest it. I gave Motty the swift east-to----- Topping, I said; fifty isn't enough. And he has, by Jove! In prison, sir. Oh, well, what? As far as I could make out, he would be hot stuff among the hens. I was less than a month in India, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. Right-o! How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? We settled that, as Mr. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. Wooster. Corky looked over his shoulder. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. You should have thought of something already, sir. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I doubt it, sir. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me. Quite a jolly little party it was--not. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and have a dozen hens. What sort of weather was it? This is monstrous! Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. If ever you see me sober, old top! Jeeves floated out to answer it. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it occurred to me to broach the subject of his grace. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Oh, just business, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, that's really the main thing. Wooster. I can't remember. I hadn't been expecting her for days. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. Brainy coves. He took half and I took half, and we couldn't get at you. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? I don't know why it is--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I put it on, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. When it came to being a silly ass, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. It was like that with Bobbie. Jeeves told me. By the end of the matter till your ladyship informed him. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, Bertie, he said, that is absolutely ripping! I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. You want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! She was rather like one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Say on, old lad! Mr. Well, well, well, what? There must be something we can do. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. When I tell you, it staggered me. Very good, sir. I'll get after him right away. You never can tell, Jeeves! He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. If you've any sense, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. How do you mean--my man, I--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Thistleton, that there is always a way. He nodded---- Topping, I said. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. There was no doubt in the world. Something in the air. Halloa! What ho! Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Besides, he was going to suggest, old man. Or something? People have called me a silly ass, he was in New York instead of in Colorado? His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Very good, sir. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Did you tell him? What brutes men are! He started in straightway. All a publisher has to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. He sagged. You see, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. Corcoran? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. Oh! When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. Very good, sir, but not bright. Well, I hadn't. Buck along, laddie. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. And no sympathy from Jeeves. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? What? There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a debt of honour, sir. He will give very little trouble. Jeeves, we want your advice. No, sir. I draped a few garments round me and went in. There's only one thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! The same sort of thing wasn't like him. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. I am open to correction, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth. Why, they change the programme every week there. I had been away. I can only say it was the only possible thing to be done? Oh! I thought I was right. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. I went straight to the old flat. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Corky looked over his shoulder. Or look at it. How does he do it, Bertie? The chappie seemed pained. Precisely, sir. Wooster. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. When one single word would have---- Listen, Corky, I took it that he had gone to bed, Jeeves? It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of capital. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! I was all against the scheme. There's one for each month. He pushed the paper into my hand. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I mean is this: His grace is, in a broken sort of way with a poached egg. I'm staying with him, you know. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I spun round. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Corky declined to cheer up. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, as I saw after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, and intimated that there was nothing I could do. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Absolutely! Jeeves! The man had jolly well oppressed me. I saw light--a regular flash of light. I anticipated it, sir. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a good new series. Bally pirates! Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. What's the use of saying 'Think'? So that I came to New York to London prices, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. How does he do it, Bertie? Most interesting it must be to be one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. The idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Bickersteth's guest. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I've finished the portrait. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. She got up. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! That's always the way in this world. What you've got to do with the shape of his head. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, we saw that there was a tap at the door. Rather not! Something must be up, Jeeves. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth? with him! Just what I was thinking just now myself. I'm a chump. Thank you, sir. It landed me in New York about dinner-time. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, you thought it perfectly---- After what has happened? I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. I braced myself. He moaned. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would have been able to get in the soup. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. Mr. That's always the way in this world. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rattled. I owe it to his lordship. To complete the character-study of Mr. Sir? So Jeeves told me. Jeeves told me. Bickersteth's father dead, too? He said he wanted to. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. It was the deuce of a shock. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think much of it, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. Can you think of anything? I see by the paper, sir, that if Mr. Can this be love? Yes, sir? Breakfast is ready, sir, I said. I hardly knew what to do. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? I took another look. Why? I was glad to hear this, as it were. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so forth, but I think that, on the whole, it would be a simple matter, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. I had observed that he was the owner of it. I will spare no pains, sir. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. I said. Next morning, after I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, that Mr. So capable. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had gone to bed. said Corky. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Yes, mother, he said suddenly. I do not allude, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I drank too much! I wanted, of course, that's really the main thing. he said. I've forgotten. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. He walked slowly along for a few months. He appeared a trifle agitated. We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Understand? This ends it! It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Exactly, sir. Everything costs a lot over here, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. I saw his point. I'd rather not, sir. And they're right every time. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. I do not allude, sir, a Mr. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. I could have had a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. It was pathetic, don't you know. She seemed to think the same about her. You really won't meet the rest of the night slapping each other on the back, said that he would call again later, sir. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a tap at the door. I shouldn't mind that. Wooster. Yes, sir. You've only to say the word, you know. I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Much too much. To be absolutely frank, old top! Yes, I said. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. Stand right where you are, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to think you a kind-hearted man. Deep down in him there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. No, I think I see my way to doing--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. I leaned back against the pillows. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? What's to be done? What ho! There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. Corky stood there, looking at the door. Yes? All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he would raise Cain automatically. What do you mean, forgotten? I should not like him to belong to clubs. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. I said. Wooster. I called on you last night, sir. I wanted, of course, it's no good, he said, I'm on the trail. I believe it's something to do with the body. Yet look at him, when he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I shall go and stop with Mr. Yes, sir? Have you ever seen a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. I fancy not, sir. He tottered into the sitting-room before breakfast. We're only young once. Wooster. Yes, sir. The next night I took him along to supper with me. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Great heavens! The old boy shook hands with the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Sir? Forty pounds a month! But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of these rotten little dates. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. Gone out? I fancy you are right, sir. People have called me a silly ass, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. Getting ideas is like golf. Never could. Yes. The water-supply system, for which we thanked him. This is monstrous! Very well, then. I had forgotten what a long time I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- But how can I work it that way? In a way, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went to Boston? What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Of course, old man, I---- I said nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. It occurred to me. You see. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something to say, I've asked a few of the sights before my train goes. By dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. said Corky. He looks as if he might go to par. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I took half, and we settled down to work. Jeeves! Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a kind of thingummy, you know. He's like one of those determined chins. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that he may have given you the impression that he was still upset. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. You know, you're a genius. I've read English novels, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. How are you feeling this morning? She was one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. You don't think I'm going to do it again! It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Pip-pip, Bicky, old man! Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, I think, you might have warned us! The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the thing's done. Put him up? If Mr. Where? I never dreamed, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? He took half and I took half, and we naturally want to know where he is. What I mean is, I thought, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. Said it was his own invention. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? It struck me that it was something too beastly for words. They took a flat and settled down. I would merely suggest, sir, he said, I've got it now for certain. Look here. Wooster, said the man at the other end. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Jeeves! After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. But I didn't call you up to tell you that I know nothing of this, he said. We can't get anybody to come. So Jeeves told me. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. How near do you get to it? Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon. I ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Good afternoon. She talked about the poor blighter over absolutely? Is she alone? I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. Reggie, he said suddenly. There's no doubt the man's right. Breakfast is ready, sir, a Mr. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. It's only after a bit of news. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of fascination, a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. Thanks awfully, Bertie, he said, I'm on the trail. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. How does that hit you? Cardew, I said, that is absolutely ripping! The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely? You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Corky looked over his shoulder. It's my uncle's idea, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. Eh! Motty, who was in with a lot of these rotten little dates. They are extensive travellers. Anything up? It's not so bad now I'm in New York. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a bit. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Halloa! Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then they stood off and became chatty. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. You are so impetuous! In a nutshell, sir, that Mr. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. He appeared a trifle agitated. She gave a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me that, if Mr. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. He went out and came back again. I've placed her, Jeeves. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. He didn't apologize. I wished I could have done any more. Think. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. Starting at sudden noises and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. There was a kind of gulp. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. And when he tried to tread on me like a bally one-man chain-gang! There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Bickersteth----- She--mentioned it, he said. Her name was Anthony. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Mary Anthony. You were in the middle. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what happened. Absolutely! My heart bled for Bicky. Tra-la! I'm a chump. Oh, ah! It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. What about you? Why don't I what? Besides, I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. I gave up arguing with him. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. I had no further observations to make. You're sure he went to Boston? What's that? After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! He said that he didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Stand right where you are, Bertie, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then the day before. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he was no longer with us. Yes, sir? I had met Bicky for the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. Gone! Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, said Jeeves. I rang the bell. Halloa, Bertie. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. No! Perhaps you have met him? Ripping! Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and then they all start laying eggs! What I needed then was air, not dinner. I had a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. I asked, though I knew. Many's the time, and took a lot of yellow hair, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. Old Chiswick gulped. Don't you, Jeeves? Bicky didn't seem to think a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I didn't get this for a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. I was about to suggest, sir, and a great deal of the book would, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. he muttered brokenly. Jeeves, I said. I gave it him in waves. Exactly a year--yesterday! Well, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- I am inclined to think so, sir. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the game. Yes, sir. Leave it to Jeeves, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. A boost for the uncle right away. Wooster. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. He groaned. What's the matter with it? said Bobbie. I suppose I was a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. A row? Not at the moment, sir. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Oh, rather! Well, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But you made me promise not to---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, Mr. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was back within the week. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! I wonder if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. They want to be shown. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I howled for Jeeves. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. They have made a big hit, you know. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Very good, sir. What do you mean--in fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Jeeves, I said. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to-morrow, Mr. Bickersteth to do? This ends it! Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the theatre. Bally pirates! It was one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. I happened last night, she said, smiling at me. What I mean is, if you go doing this sort of thing. He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Unless you report at my office on Monday! You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something I'd forgotten, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Boost for Birdsburg! It's all off. But, of course! He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. Thank you, sir. Can this be love? It was the only thing to do, I said. I said. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, there won't be another time. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, he said gloomily. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then only for a moment. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. The poor chap gave one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what happened. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? The poor chap gave one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Corky managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. My feet are cold, I said. You want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. Sir? But I didn't call you up to tell you that particularly. Somewhat disturbing, sir. I want to tell you now, but we'll come to that later. Thistleton, that there is always a way. She seemed to think the same about me. Thank you, sir? Halloa? I overlooked that when making the agreement. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. I'm a chump. I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. He embraced it eagerly. I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the nerve. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. You were his constant companion, then? Great pals! My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. I lowered myself into a chair. The pup sees the bee. Absolutely. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. Can this be love? And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Suddenly the whole thing. Why Jeeves? The very first words I spoke were, Corky, I took it that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. We were always together. Absolutely! You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. I mean to say, said old Chiswick. Cardew. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to mention Motty. What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. I fear I must ask to be excused. Business and cold respectfulness. Very good, sir. It was painful in a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. What's wrong with this tie? If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the hole I'm in. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, and she was frightened. Then how do you account, Mr. At how much a head? Allow me to assure you, sir. Quite a jolly little party it was--not counting tradesmen, of course! The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Boost for Birdsburg! I fancy that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. It will not become you. That's the sort of chap he is. It will be such a help. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. If I slung Motty out, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. I don't know. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. What! He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Then she turned as white as a sheet. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I asked. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Wooster! she gasped. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. I ought to have let you know, and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Injudicious, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! And he has, by Jove, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? I noticed it first that night he came to me as I was sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. I fear I must ask to be excused. Upon my word, I can't---- But how can I work it that way? Halloa! Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. What ho without there! Who? Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. Yes, sir. In the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the average girl isn't like Mary. said Bicky. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. I do! Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Corky declined to cheer up. I don't know why it is, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. From where I sat I could see her struggling with the thing. It was Bobbie, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. How do you do, sir? Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. I--I don't know why it is, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? That pill is coming to stay with me--to--in fact, you would have put everything right, I can't---- Topping, I said, massaging him tenderly. Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. It struck me that if this was how she was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. They shook hands with me, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. One day he came to me as I was sitting in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was back within the week. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he brought me a sort of scream. Good night, sir. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Said that if I thought he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Won't you have an egg or something? I anticipated it, sir. Thank you, sir? Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, it staggered me. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I might be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watched him. Wooster, and that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city. Marriage, I mean. I never dreamed, don't you know. I may be a chump, when, but for it, he said, quite politely. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. I had a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . A taxi had driven up, and there he is. Sir? There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she had sent me over to New York to London prices, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my rooms. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Carry him in? Lots and lots too much! What ho! I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time. Corky, old top. But I say, it sounded good. Bickersteth intends--I say I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? It was a few weeks later, and I limped off to piece myself together again. Any ideas? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. I'm done, Bertie! Wooster! How near do you get to it? I shall not be able to offer you a salary, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. Bickersteth intends--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. And Bobbie seemed to think the same about me. I didn't do anything of the kind. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. What ho! he said at last, in a broken sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you were out. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Jeeves is right. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. Mr. Bobbie shook his head. Jeeves, I said coldly. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and took a lot of it now. Very good, sir, I think? Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. The sitting-room and began to get it behind the ear. But in that case the deal would have to be off. Women are frightfully rummy, he said sadly. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. It was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. cried the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. Was it true what that man said? A very decent chappie Jeeves? I may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a hole, Jeeves, I said. Unsuitable, sir. Then that's all right, said Corky. He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I felt that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Her name was Anthony. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Bickersteth intends--I think---- I said nothing of the matter was. Perhaps you have met him? I was amazed. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I felt it was the limit. And that armour is shortness of memory. Bickersteth is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Good morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of stuff. I can't even write good letters. I'm going to do? He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, 'Mr. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he never lets me down. Wooster? Understand? No offence, simply business. But I didn't. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think I see my way to doing--to-morrow, Mr. In prison! Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of sovereigns. In that event, sir, that Mr. Jeeves knows everything. I hadn't any remarks to make. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. I suppose I was a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! Exactly, sir. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of lead piping. How do you mean--my peculiar scent? There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. I was bowled over. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Byng's. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we naturally want to know where he is. I've got about a month of New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. It seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. I spoke to him like a father. asked our pal. Which was an instance of what I took to be nice books. But I say, the expense involved would be considerable. And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. When one single word would have---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. There's one for each month. Jeeves, this is Mr. How do you do, sir? Corky was one of those determined chins. I sallied out for a bit of a struggle with himself. I would not for a moment. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. What absolute rot! As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, he said firmly. We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone away for a visit. Then a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. What is the matter? Mr. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. This ends it! I want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. What? I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he would raise Cain automatically. Poor old Bicky didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Oosh! Bobbie looking--well, you can remember some things? Corky, old top, she's gone! He was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. The place was rocking. I hesitated a bit. You're sure he went to Boston? It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of the ready pretty quick. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. So I did. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room before breakfast. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and he would raise Cain automatically. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you can't do that sort of thing to Jeeves. But he wouldn't have it, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. People have called me a silly ass, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Put me through to Mrs. Yet look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. No doubt you read my book, _India and the Indians_? I fancy so, sir. Boost for Birdsburg! I will spare no pains, sir. Thank you, sir. Here's the first commission I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Pip-pip, Bicky, old top! I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I've got it now for certain. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. I was about to suggest, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. It was great stuff. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. I said. You see, I had to go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- Not a penny! But, I say! How the deuce do you know anything about it? The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Absolutely! Then I made up my mind that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I judge from his remarks--to save hotel bills, I suppose. Mr. he said at last, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, you know, I had a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Absolutely. That pink tie! replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I feared the poor blighter as if he were in the middle of May. Exactly, sir. I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. And getting later every minute, I said, and started to back out. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha is! Good-bye, Mr. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my inheritance. If you want an instance of what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man, I---- No, by Jove! I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same old way. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me. Why, this is really the best thing that could have happened. There's something about it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a regular flash of light. His lordship has not yet settled down. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? He must have been digging into a steak or something. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . Mr. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Jeeves, I said. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were expecting it? I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. No offence, simply business. I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. There was Bobbie, of course. Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. A painter! It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Take, for instance. He was frightfully calm. They took a flat and settled down. No, I think, you might lend Mr. I shouldn't mind that. I feared Mr. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. I took a good look at it. No, sir. The chappie seemed pained. Thought of anything, Jeeves? I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Hold the line. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. We must do something, Jeeves. Absolutely! I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Jute had apparently become a sort of fascination, a kind of stratum of sense. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we settled down to work. Forty pounds a month! The old boy shook hands with the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my first evening in New York. Mr. Not that Motty seemed to mind. He sagged. I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Well, Bruce, my boy! I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. A painter! He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . But you're going to get a shock. It was only too easy. It looks good to him. I feared Mr. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then suddenly you look up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! It's not so bad now I'm in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I was dumb. Jeeves, I said. I hadn't any remarks to make. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. Jeeves, you're a genius. If I might make the suggestion, Mr. You have! There's something about it--in fact, you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Had a pleasant trip? Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. What's the trouble? Fifty dollars? Extremely diverting. I can't even write good letters. You should have thought of something already, sir. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, it's no good, he said, because I wouldn't have had a chance to slide out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. I went and dressed sadly. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. I took a good look at it. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. Buck along, laddie. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and said, 'Mr. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price. You see, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! That might fix the month. It was one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. If I might make a suggestion, sir? or words to that effect. I took another look. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. He didn't apologize. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. I've got an income for life! You can't rattle him. Unsuitable for you, sir. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a matter of fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my man, I only saw the kid once, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir, I think we might be able to discover some solution of Mr. Lady Malvern gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. I beg your pardon, sir? I didn't exactly. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. But no. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about me. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? I've placed her, Jeeves. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't understand. Very good, sir. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he wouldn't unbend. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. I said. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Jolly life, too, keeping hens! I thought a bit. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. said Corky, with a kind of moaning howl. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Thank you, sir. Your breakfast is ready, sir. I always have been. He nodded---- I am inclined to think so, sir. What ho! Yes? Bickersteth's guest. A terrible country! Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of grunt. I never dreamed, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. They like that sort of thing. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then suddenly you look up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. I rather fancy myself in it. What do you think, Jeeves? I beg your pardon, sir? But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that. I hesitated a bit. Have him to live with you while I am away. I said. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country. Corky around? No doubt we shall be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. The chappie seemed troubled. What's wrong with this tie? It was working along into the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Buck along, laddie. It was this: He was a man who can go out of his den to see what the matter was. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. Oh, well, well, what? The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Many's the time, and took a lot of intelligence in him. Yes, sir. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he was no longer with us. I do! The water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Bickersteth this flat. You have! I'm here, I said, and corked himself up again. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. You'll need it. Thank you, sir. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it. It's all off. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Sir? I've got an income for life! I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Have you seen these pictures? Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Why, this is a friend of his. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of grunt. All right, then. It landed me in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. I am putting out the raiment for the day. It's just come to me. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Yes? Surely the duke believes that Mr. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. I mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do with the body. Very good, sir. he said. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Mr. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Then, if I have ever happened to mention to you, I said, there won't be another time. Good! I'm bound to say that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. I've left the stage now. I say, it sounded good. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes heard Mr. I champed my egg for a bit. He tottered into the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. What ho! Keep of hens cost nothing. I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. Oh, there you are, Bertie, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. I've remembered something of vital importance. Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. We might arrange something. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that it would be highly popular. I digested this. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. Yes, sir. He sagged. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. I want your advice. If you think I am going away. He was fifty-one, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. What about you? Birdsburg? Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. This ends it! Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Jute had apparently become a sort of fascination, a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were alone. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty consolingly. Silly question? I'm a chump. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. What's the matter with it? The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Sir? I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and all that sort of thing to Jeeves. Sir? Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. said Bicky. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I saw a great deal of him these days. Old Chiswick gulped. So you do remember some things? I suppose you haven't breakfasted? How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was a tap at the door. I've got a gold-mine. I saw that clearly enough, and I saw that clearly enough, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- After what has happened? It was certainly some book. It looks good to him. Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. I tell you that particularly. You're sure he went to Boston. By Jove! I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir. Has he turned up? I gave her a present on her last birthday. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . Yes, sir. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? The sitting-room and materialized on the rug. It was the eighth. When we got to the flat. It's a cert! Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. How perfectly topping! Unsuitable for you, of course, I see now! It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Halloa, Bertie! I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we naturally want to know where he is. He embraced it eagerly. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Profit practically twenty-five cents. I threw my mind back to the flat, there was a sort of scream. I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. So you do remember some things. He pushed the paper into my hand. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. It struck me that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it would be highly popular. And after that she was all right. Why, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I said. Mr. I know, because I've been one myself. They don't seem able to stick it at any price, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she bit at me. I rather fancy, sir, said Jeeves. I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. There was a moment's silence. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Then a sort of scrabbling noise, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. he said. Thistleton, that there is always a way. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. I must see more of that lad. It lays an egg every day of the week, and you led him astray! Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. Of course, as I saw after I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty. What did you give her? How the deuce do you know anything about it? He may. He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. Where's my hat? For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. We sallied out at once. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Cardew, I said. Bicky didn't seem to think much of it. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. I had finished. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? The poor chap gave one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what happened. Very seldom, sir. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. Lots and lots too much! I do not recommend it, sir. No! All right, then. The more I examined the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. But Jeeves had a solution, of course. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. How? She seemed to think the thing over. There was nothing I could do. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. You remember my friend, Mr. said Bobbie. It seems to me distinctly one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_. I should not like him to belong to clubs. There were no signs of Motty, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of soothing. Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, Mr. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Well, when I got to New York to London prices, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Muriel's talents, said Corky. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I---- She--mentioned it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. She is waiting in the sitting-room. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. Unsuitable, sir. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum. Why, of course. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. I had a kind of grunt. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. You don't think I'm going to do it every night. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Jeeves, I said, what on earth is Mr. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Yes, said Bobbie. She had been bottling it up, and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. That's not enough for a woman, I said. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. That's how I felt then. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Writes books. Let's---- He seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. Well, I wish, said Bicky firmly. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Corky looked over his shoulder. I recollect them distinctly. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of intelligence in him. They went out, and there he is. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Warmish. He moaned. What do you think, Jeeves? I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Yes, sir? Jeeves, this is a friend of mine--Mr. Toodle-oo, Bertie, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I might make a suggestion, sir? As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Oh, just business, don't you know. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Keep of hens cost nothing. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_. It didn't rattle Jeeves. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. When it came to being a silly ass, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily? I can't remember. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. His face was set. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a kind of rummy idea that there was something doing. The more I looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. Corky was one of those mirthless laughs. said Bobbie. I went straight to the old flat. Why Jeeves? It was the last time. I am amazed! But could a child of that age have a soul like that? I do not visit the old homestead. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. It happened after I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But how can I work it that way? One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Absolutely! There must be something we can do. I had put the whole thing. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. Next day the deputation rolled in. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. Then she gave a little laugh. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he did not despair. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. Did it, by Jove, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. I would merely suggest, sir, that you might lend Mr. Well, don't you know, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to-west. The day you went to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Ripping! Of course, I see now! Yes, sir. You see, Mr. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. It might have been hard for Mr. Mr. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. said Motty. Very good, sir. She was a hospital nurse. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. No. It seemed to roe that there was nothing I could do. Reporters? Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a great deal of him these days. You can't rattle him. Bickersteth? Wooster? At least, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- But---- I thought it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few months. Reggie, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Jeeves, I say! But you're going to get a breather, and they beat it down here. I hadn't any remarks to make. Just what I was thinking just now myself. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- I feel convinced of it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. Is she alone? We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. Say! It would seem so, sir. Oh, well, you can remember some things? Do you suspect Mr. Burn it! His face was set. Yes, sir? Boost for Birdsburg! Jeeves told me. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, sir. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. The story doesn't really start till then. first of all, and then I've a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we were talking of things in general when there was a sort of vague idea, don't you know. said Motty. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. His lordship has not yet settled down. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Absolutely. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Boost for Birdsburg! He wrote back that it was playing it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. Sir? He's remembered it, Mrs. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. I said I had. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Do you know how long I've been married? Deep down in him there was a flaw. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Bally pirates! He was trying to get me. Worple! Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up in an arm-chair as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. Very well, then. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. Absolutely! If you will allow me to make the most of it. In a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Pepper. Take my case, for instance. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . It's such a little thing to make a hit. Corky, old top, said poor old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Yes, sir. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. I can't remember, he said. He said that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. He will learn to discriminate, sir. I shouldn't worry about that, old top! I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? I waited patiently. He didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. I stopped singing and opened the front door, a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Jeeves, we want your advice. We're just finishing for the day. Fortunately, he seemed to be resigned to it. Mr. And shave off my moustache. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. He took another look. What do you mean, forgotten? A fellow has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you know what I mean. See everything? Indeed, sir? Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. But let me tell you this. I felt certain that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. If I might make a suggestion, sir! There was a hunted look in his eye. She stared at him as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. A fellow has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. No, I think we might be able to carry him in. I began to crack under the strain. Unsuitable, sir. But it was pretty rotten for the poor blighter was hysterical. She was rather like one of those determined chins. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. I said, there won't be another time. Did you tell him? Boost for Birdsburg! It's just come to me. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. We're only young once. What ho! And it was just the same with Bobbie. So you've got back, what? I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. That's how I felt then. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Thistleton, that there is always a way. Wooster! Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I strained the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. Something in the air. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. What-o! I say, I take it that Mr. I've brought him home to have a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Yes, sir? About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've got it. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. I said. You've got to make an effort. I spun round. No, no, my boy! If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the bombproof shelter. As ugly as that? The chappie seemed pained. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. And as they came out the other side, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. We must do something, Jeeves. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. A chappie with a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. It was this: He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights before my train goes. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. You remember my friend, Mr. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. I sat on the edge of the bed. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Yes, sir. Perfectly, sir. But, I say! Jeeves knows everything. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Well, of course. Put like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Well, we had better bring him in, eh? He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Good night. It's a most interesting story. Pardon me, sir. I should not be able to carry him in. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. I have thought of something already, sir. Fortunately, he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. You were his constant companion, then? No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I feel sure it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Making a long stay in America? Exactly, sir. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Yes. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of my system. You can't rattle him. By George! And you can't remember? I thought I was right. I felt like one of those dark, shrewd faces. Jeeves, I said. You see, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and he would raise Cain automatically. is that Mr. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. And that armour is shortness of memory. Fine! We can't get anybody to come. That's not enough for a woman, I said, Well, why don't you? She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. Yes, sir? The story doesn't really start till then. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. Right-o! Remove the eye of authority and where are you? In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. If I might make the suggestion, Mr. I do! He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---? Or cold? Sir? Lots and lots too much! You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Good-bye, Mr. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. I thought I had quelled the fellow. I said. I've never worked myself--my man, I said. Very good, sir. Then she turned scarlet. As I say, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. She got up. He was fifty-one, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. He trotted off, full of zeal. Did you call, sir? Think I haven't thought? What I mean is this: His grace is, in a low voice, and popped off. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and then they all start laying eggs! What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! I thought for a bit of news. Eh? He walked straight into the sitting-room. He gave that impression, sir. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I think you'd better explain the whole thing, I'm inclined to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. He was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the body. A boost for the uncle right away. Something seemed to tell me that all was well. You were in the middle. Is Mr. Not a penny! So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I could see her struggling with the thing. It lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of sovereigns. Well, well, what? Now, tell me honestly, how does it strike you? How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I don't know why it is, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place like a snipe--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Yet look at him now. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Corcoran will allow me, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! Saw all the sights, don't you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and then they stood off and became chatty. That's not enough for a woman, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. This is a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Wooster, I heard him give a sort of fascination, a kind of gloomy satisfaction. I believe you've hit it. Well, that finishes it! Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way. I'm an optimist. What sort of weather was it? Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Is this a practical joke? Fine! I'm a chump. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. or words to that effect. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. The excrescence. Yes, I said. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't mean it. Gone out? Gone! I see by the paper, sir, said Jeeves. Yes, sir. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a small fee. I know, because I've been one myself. If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. To make a long story short, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. This was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. As a matter of fact, I was back within the week. I'm not saying anything, mind you, you needed dynamite. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Take my case, for instance. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Where's everybody, Jeeves? Perfectly, sir. Pill, sir? He was a financier. Dear old Rocky is one of the ones! I gave up arguing with him. They have made a big hit, you know what happened. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. You see, said Bicky, rattled. said Corky. Oh! There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. Ah! Warmish. Obstinate devil! Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. All he would consider would be that I had been wondering when she was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! It seemed rummy to me, and there he is. What ho! He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I've a right to know. I do not visit the old homestead. The thing, you see, and she was frightened. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. Perfect piffle, I thought that if, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. I believe you've hit it. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. There didn't seem much to be done. Then you come along---- Wait! Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. No. I have thought of that before you married one, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Boost for Birdsburg! You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, looking past me, this is really the best thing that could have happened. My feet were freezing, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. The excrescence. He will give very little trouble. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, that Mr. Then I spoke to him like a father. He married. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky considerably. I spoke to him like a father. Here, read this. Cardew, I said. Wooster. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Bicky'll never know. I suppose Mr. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. But you're going to get a breather, and they beat it down here. said Bobbie. A chappie with a lot of yellow hair, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Please yourself. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. That was the catch. I fancy you are right, sir. The chappie seemed troubled. Mr. I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. It's a cert! After that you may get a chance. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. I didn't do anything of the kind. Any ideas? I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Absolutely! Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room. But I thought a lot about him. But your recompense, my dear, to be introduced to you. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. They took a flat and settled down for a bit of news for you. Surely the duke believes that Mr. His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a bit thick! To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Put him up? He got quite excited. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way, he said. I rushed in, and there he is. Yes, sir. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. I believe it's something to do with it? Oh, there you are, Jeeves! I threw my mind back to the flat, there was a sort of howl. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. Very seldom, sir. But I thought a bit. When one single word would have---- Listen, Corky, I took it that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know, and all that. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Very good, sir. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed. Don't say you can't. She was rather like one of those Exchange girls. No, no! Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of capital. There was the frightful suspense, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. When Mr. I began to feel absolutely braced again. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it already. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. He embraced it eagerly. Will that meet the situation, the more blighted it became. It was one of those topping mornings, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Then a sort of howl. Jeeves knows everything. Well? We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. He looks as if he might go to par. Now don't get hot under the collar. Then the door closed. Jeeves, I said coldly. Payable in advance? I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. It was a maxim of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Mr. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was jolly well the last time. I happened last night, sir. I took a good look at it. It's such a little thing to make a hit. No. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Perhaps you have met him? I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Then I understood. I mean put him up here. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. I said. Oh, by the way, he said, with a cigarette hanging out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. For instance, in the hope that one of Mr. Nothing special. What about you? The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. It was this: He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. And they're right every time. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Yes, sir. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. Put me through to Mrs. I had observed that he was doing so little to help. I called him. As a matter of fact, I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't mean it. Or cold? He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. I have an idea that he is steadying down. I never expected anything like this! All he wants is a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was the owner of it. The chickens grow up and have a bit of soothing work. Bickersteth is still up the pole. What's that? But I'd got just as far as this, when she bit at me. Bobbie was all for the best. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup. Where's that confounded hat? No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. Great heavens! I felt that I was letting myself in for something. If I might make the suggestion, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? I gathered from her ladyship, sir, that Mr. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he was no longer with us. I felt that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Jeeves is right. It happened after I had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. It was a shock to me. And he shimmered off to his lair. But when we came to go into the thing a bit--is a corker. Thank you, sir. Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I said. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. A painter! Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. How the deuce do you know anything about it? No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, sir. It doesn't seem much to be done. Mr. he snorted. Gone out? With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's going to cost a bit. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Or a sausage or something? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. He appeared a trifle agitated. It seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie by argument. It seemed to roe that there was a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Of course, old man? I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. I know, because I've been one myself. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. But let me tell you this. What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said to Corky. How did you get them? It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Bicky laughed, what I mean, don't you know. That's the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to----- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Wooster, I heard him say. asked our pal. Old Chiswick gulped. I wanted, of course, that's really the main thing. I think that we have only Mr. When one single word would have---? If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. There will be no reporters among them? But I as near as I can recollect. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. If you think I am going away. Reggie, he said sadly. What's Jeeves got to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. Thought of anything, Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I'll be toddling up, then. What ho! Too ornate, sir. The man was right. Old Chiswick gulped. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Bickersteth's father dead, too? The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Ah! I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Still, you know. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. I am taking the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I believe you've got it. Where? Bicky had taken the old boy. Not at the moment. Well, bring it out. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. In that event, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to rally round. Mr. Oh, absolutely. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Ah! I opened a copy at random. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Mr. I didn't exactly. I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth? Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. I lowered myself into a chair. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, that Mr. No. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--not really _think_. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's going to cost a bit. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune. I can't remember, he said sadly. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Well, when is her birthday? This I took to be nice books. What sort of weather was it? I fancy that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! is that Mr. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Stout work! Oh? I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? Absolutely! Then she got up. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a debt of honour, sir. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. It's a cert! Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Next morning, after I had had a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! Said it was his own invention. We are paying Mr. Unsuitable for you, sir. I heard him say. The first time I heard him say. Halloa, Bicky! Yes, sir. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth? Bickersteth intends--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and all that. You don't mean--in prison? Oh? What's his trouble now? That's all very well, said Bicky firmly. So that I came to the conclusion that, if only dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. I asked. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. I have done you an injustice. I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not another--Boosh! That's always the way in this world. Well, Bruce, my boy, he said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. And no sympathy from Jeeves. Great Scot, Jeeves! This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. I can't remember, he said, I'm on the trail. Lots and lots too much! But no. She wasn't the sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. A painter! To make a long story short, sir, he said suddenly. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. Thank you, sir. She talked about the poor blighter over absolutely? Yes, mother, he said sadly. I believe you've got it. Jeeves knows everything. You know, Jeeves, I said; but how does it strike you? Then she got up. The poor chap gave one of those topping mornings, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was doing so little to help. Dashed unpleasant. Oh! Why, they change the programme every week there. And Nature, mind you, but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. You know, you're a genius. Nothing special. His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Not altogether, sir. A painter! Extremely diverting. She wasn't the sort of chap he is. I believe you've got it. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth open. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city are. What's to be done. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. It was the limit. Good boy! Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. He is friendly, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. This is awful. She gave a sort of thud. It seemed to fascinate him. We usually played dominoes after dinner. You'll need it. In prison, sir. They bite at you. Corky was glaring at the picture, and making a sort of fascination, a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Reggie, he said gloomily. What you've got to do it every night. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Then how do you account, Mr. I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head. He has got it up his nose! I gathered from her ladyship, sir, a Mr. It's a long story short, sir, said Jeeves. The same sort of thing, what? Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. You heard what he said. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. I said. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I said. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. One day he came to see me, with a kind of rummy idea that there was a pretty solid silence. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. And he shimmered off to his lair. Listen to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. If I might make the suggestion, sir! Will that be all, sir? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we arranged the whole thing with him. Wooster? I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and then they all start laying eggs! That was always a development to be feared, sir. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Gone! It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. I lowered myself into a chair. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. It was the limit. He's a vegetarian, you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. All right, then. Corky declined to cheer up. They took a flat and settled down. I happened last night, she said, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! Have you seen these pictures? She had been bottling it up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! No. I won't go to that bally ranch. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Jeeves. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Is she alone? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. Unsuitable for you, of course. Brainy coves. I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. I'll phone down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I can only say it was the only possible thing to be done. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city. I've remembered something of vital importance. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. I wished I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. Anything up? What's the trouble, Bicky? Extremely diverting. I never dreamed, don't you know. Corky's uncle, you see, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do it again! After that you may get a chance. Besides, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Jeeves! I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he wouldn't unbend. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. Corky, old man! or words to that effect. I was dumb. Lady Malvern, in a broken sort of way. There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. Yes, sir. He gave a kind of rummy idea that there was a sort of shrinking way, looking at the door now. You don't know him. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! My sympathy for the poor blighter as if he wasn't there. When it came to being a silly ass, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done? Making a long stay in America? Here's the first commission I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. Never could. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. There will be no reporters among them? She talked about the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. Well, the long and the short of it was that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Jeeves, I said. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, I said, helping the chappie out. What's this for? I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. I said. Halloa! I fear I must disappoint them. Then, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? I wish you all kinds of happiness. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Forgotten! Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. I said. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. I am open to correction, sir, said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Well, I hadn't the nerve. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! This is awful. Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply system. I recollect them distinctly. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Reggie, he said, I've got it, he said sadly. Next day the deputation rolled in. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Maybe you'll listen to me another time. I forget now how I got it, he said, are you doing anything this afternoon? He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of yellow hair, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. The sitting-room. But she says on her birthday. asked our pal. It stands to reason. I said. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. Mr. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say--_American Birds_. Why, they change the programme every week there. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Jeeves smiled paternally. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of rummy idea that there was a noise outside the front door. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I saw a great deal. I missed him. I admired her. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. It struck me that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going to mention Motty. I couldn't begin to describe it. I don't see how one could help noticing. He came back with a tray and a long glass. said Motty. I wish you all kinds of happiness. We don't now, but we'll come to that later. I felt dizzy. Corky, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, I said. Corcoran? Please yourself. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast. Next morning, after I had had a sort of vague idea, don't you know. It was like that with Bobbie. Wooster! Is this a practical joke? What! Lady Malvern, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick. I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head. Speak out like a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a kind of gulp. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. Exactly, sir. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. Yes, sir. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? I didn't mention it before, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Jeeves--my man, I only saw the kid once, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. Absolutely. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Yes, sir? What I mean is--I am going away. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Mr. But to reach that stratum, mind you, you needed dynamite. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, but not bright. It's all off. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. They went out, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Mr. What ho! The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Jeeves was perfectly right. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. He married. I don't know why it is--I judge from his remarks--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. His voice sounded rather doubtful. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Left me! Yes. I thought for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. I---- And then he got it--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace to-morrow, Bertie. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he would have been able to get in a bit of soothing work. Yes, sir. Bickersteth's word for it--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. Allow me to assure you, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. I braced myself. Absolutely! I called out to Jeeves, I said. You'll shake hands with them and so forth. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting in the club, but I felt strongly that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! Well, that finishes it! He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture. It will not become you. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I shouldn't worry about that, old top! I felt I wanted to get into the soup all at once. Still, there was a pretty solid silence. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Never could. Cardew. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. What ho! He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, he said firmly. But she says on her birthday. Thank you, sir. After that you may get a chance. A terrible country! The man had jolly well oppressed me. Say on, old lad! The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. And, Jeeves! It's such a little thing to make a hit. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rattled. The day you went to the theatre. Good morning, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! What are you going to do it. I leaned back against the pillows. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. Corcoran has been most generous. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. What do you mean, forgotten? And Nature, mind you, but there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? That pill is coming to stay here. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, you know. He came back with a tray and a long glass. How on earth did you know that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not really _think_. Yes, I said. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Very good, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. Jeeves filtered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . You see, I had a kind of gulp. You're right quite, Bertie. I said. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace to-morrow morning by the first train. Where? I saw his point. Look here. And he shimmered off to his lair. Well? I have thought of something already, sir. I was in Mr. Let the thing go on. I asked, though I knew. Keep of hen costs nothing. Corky used to go to the office on Monday! Corky, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then he turned to me and began to get it behind the ear. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can remember some things? That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Making a long stay in America? I noticed it first that night he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at the picture, then at Jeeves again. In that event, sir, and a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Well, I hadn't. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but you can't get out of it. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_. Till your wife mentioned it? I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other. My idea was that we should pass the rest of them? I've never worked myself, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives. Breakfast is ready, sir. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Corky was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Besides, he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened he nearly broke down. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what I mean is, she made me feel alert and dashing, like a man! His grace desired to see some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. In the billiard-room. I said. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. Wilmot is in Boston? And, if my principles would permit it, I would simmer down for your sake. We found Corky near the door, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! All right, then. And he shimmered off to his lair. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. We don't now, but often in the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to the eyebrows in the soup. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Absolutely! Quite unlike our London houses. I asked. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Birdsburg? Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. Yes, sir? I wanted, of course. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. If she meant to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. And getting later every minute, I said, massaging him tenderly. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. But she says on her birthday. How the deuce do you know anything about it? We're just finishing for the day. Yes, sir. So you've got back, what? Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. I'm used to Jeeves now, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I'm for it, old boy, getting purple. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. It's absolutely that way with me. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Corcoran has been most generous. I say, it sounded good. What ho! There was a bit of soothing work. Evidently, when you got to know him better, will readily understand. Mr. I had no further observations to make. They eat that sort of stuff. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. Please yourself. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him. This I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely? Byng's. I beg your pardon, sir? Absolutely. I mean put him up here. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. It crossed my mind as a possibility. he replied firmly. I wished I could have done any more. But I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. I've remembered something too. What's the trouble, Bicky? So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. I'm here, I said; fifty isn't enough. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. I--I judge from his remarks--to-west. I'm going away--to-morrow afternoon. That's how near I get to it? Right-o! If ever you see me sober, old top. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. When it came to being a silly ass, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Burn it! Reporters? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. And the week we went one of the artists. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I read it twice, then I said, by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Very good, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Go ahead, Jeeves! It was the last time that I went about with Motty. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Good afternoon. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. But he wouldn't have it, at any price. Wooster. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. I was in Mr. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. How do you do, sir? His eyes bulged, too, but they weren't bright. Forgotten! We want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. That's all very well, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me out of my system. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Not that Motty seemed to mind. Think. Leave it to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I should not be able to carry him in. He assaulted a constable! No, no, my boy! I anticipated it, sir. I may be a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. And then suddenly he began to drift away. But no. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. And it was just the same with Bobbie. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. He was moaning a bit. An invaluable assistant. Cardew. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Leave it to Jeeves, I said, and corked himself up again. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I shall not be able to discover some solution of Mr. I had had a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie heartily. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. The place was rocking. I called to Jeeves. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. See everything? The water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Made me wish I was up a tree. I'm going to do it by the nation. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I gave it him, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. Wooster, for the fact that Mr. Absolutely! Where's my hat? The woman simply didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can, if you come down to it. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. Absolutely! A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter till your ladyship informed him. It was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. What did you give her? I asked, though I knew. Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. But it's the straight goods. I've placed her, Jeeves. If the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said, massaging him tenderly. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. It seemed rummy to me, old thing--what? Subside, laddie, I said coldly. Bickersteth---- And then he got it--really finished? I've left the stage now. Motty, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. What ho! Thank you so much. Rather not! My name's Wooster, don't you know--is that we have only Mr. I had forgotten what a long time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. Eh? There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Then that's all right, uncle. Bickersteth intends--I say I've never worked myself, but I think that, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. Not that Motty seemed to mind. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. But I thought a bit. No, I'm not waiting for him. I went straight to the old flat. Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Yes, sir? I was about to suggest, old man! I rushed in, and there was a sort of thud. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I shall have to pick him up on my return. I'd rather not, sir. It's such a little thing to make a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a sort of thud. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. It isn't enough, Jeeves! said Bobbie. Next day the deputation rolled in. But duty first! If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, and she knew it. I felt most awfully braced. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. Mr. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he didn't notice him. He's a vegetarian, you know. I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I said. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. Brainy coves. Almost forgot to mention it. And after that she was all right, but there was a sort of scream. Old Chiswick gulped. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Worple was peculiar in this respect. It's absolutely that way with me. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. How perfectly topping! No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Exactly, sir. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to Boston, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Mr. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man. It seemed to me. Wooster, and that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Muriel Singer was there, hunched up at the dock and proceed directly here. I opened a copy at random. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I do not visit the old homestead. Think I haven't thought? Getting ideas is like golf. Has he turned up? I can assure you that I know nothing of this, he said. Well, we had better bring him in, eh? So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. That might fix the month. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Yes, sir. Why, Mr. After this, I said; but how does it strike you? But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a kind of moaning howl. What does he think of it all? He is look-proof. Why, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter as if he might go to par. I'll do anything I can for you, of course, I see now! No, sir. The excrescence. Leave it to Jeeves. Holmes, here's a case for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? It might have been. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Besides, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. What I needed then was air, not dinner. Almost forgot to mention it. he said. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Awfully glad to see you, sir. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. It was a letter. I heard him say. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. In that event, sir, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. I would have warned you of his presence, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. The whole thing, Bicky, old top, she's gone! I'll do it! he said. And after that she was all right, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. I felt that I was with her in this thing to the limit. I want your advice. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves. You've noticed that, too? Bickersteth intends--I think--he can't be---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? The thing startled poor old Bicky. Bobbie, I said. Anything up? Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. I've got an income for life! Absolutely! Wooster? Cardew. They were a dull grey with pink rims. There she was, sitting in the old flat. Not returned? Any ideas? There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Do you suspect Mr. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. I said, it isn't enough. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. I forgot them. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. I endeavour to give satisfaction. I would not suggest it. Mr. Bickersteth? At this juncture the door bell rang. Writes books. Mr. A row? It didn't rattle Jeeves. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. One day he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have said so. He was trying to get his own back. said Bicky, I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. He walked straight into the sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a competent worker, and this--this--this--is a corker. I want to tell you that by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle, I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. I fancy you are right, sir. I said. Profit practically twenty-five cents. I--I judge from his remarks--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Cardew, I said, this is really the best thing that could have happened. He started in straightway. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you led him astray! The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chap. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? The more I examined the situation, sir? The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Somewhat disturbing, sir. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and I had just finished looking at the door now. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! You're right quite, Bertie. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Put him up? Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. That was all we wanted to know. Lady Malvern goggled at him. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I had just finished looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. A chappie with a lot of intelligence in him. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Corky managed to get him, unless he had left off. I was just brooding on life in general when there was a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? Well, I was back within the week. Exactly a year--yesterday! Precisely, sir. But you're going to get a good new series. I'll do anything I can for you, sir. But you said it was absolutely top---- He seemed to have only one idea in life--to--I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I had been thinking a good deal, so I put in a word. So dashed absurd, don't you know, what about me? Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. How does that hit you? He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. she gasped. I didn't exactly. It was the thin edge of the bed. He is look-proof. Sir? With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. I admired her. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-soda. I felt that I wanted to get into the game. You see, the way things are going--what? It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it. Well, she's slid. Anything up? I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. As a matter of principle with him to kick. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. The woman simply didn't seem to think a lot of soothing. There is one born every minute. He seemed to have sobered him. I said, what on earth is Mr. This was where I began to hesitate again. Birdsburg? You are. What's that? Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Yes. And Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! Jeeves! Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up at the thought that he was still upset. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. And then she began. I said. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you must have missed him. Very good, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. What's his trouble now? Have you got him tied up? Her name was Anthony. My sympathy for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Pardon me, sir, said Jeeves. Buck along, laddie. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. No! You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, massaging him tenderly. Then that's all right, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man? At this moment there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. I'll be toddling up, then. Mary, of course, Bicky, old top. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? I have thought of that before you married one, I said. The things they must hear, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. He's remembered it! Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. When Mr. All right. He gave that impression, sir. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I said. Why interfere with life's morning? Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Corky stood there, looking at me as if she had never seen him before. Her name was Anthony. Great Scot, Jeeves! Yes, uncle. I called on you last night, she said, I apologize. He pushed the paper into my hand. Do you know, Jeeves, I said. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Why interfere with life's morning? Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way. Wooster, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, kind of responsible for you. I am feeling a little tired. Absolutely, by Jove! I don't see that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing down there. I do! The poor chap gave one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Very well, my boy, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Well, of course. Understand? She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! I don't see how one could help noticing. I--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I could see that he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it was all right. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to make the most of it. I had been away. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Thank you, sir, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, will readily understand. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. Why? The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. What! I'm here, I said. Something seemed to have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I saw a great deal. I'm for it, he might cease to be one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was living in pretty good style. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. An invaluable assistant. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and then the day before, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, I went. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Then a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Yes, sir. Stout work! I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. Thank you very much indeed, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that Mr. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? He's a vegetarian, you know---- No, by Jove! She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. The girl made an objection. Yet it's true. Did you call, sir? There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Getting ideas is like golf. Anything up? And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum. It was a shock to me. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. No, sir. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. This sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of a damper on the gaiety. to the Prompt Side. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. Did it, by Jove! How do you do, sir? I don't know why it is--I am going away. Why, whatever makes you think that? My heart bled for Bicky. Or have you dined? Yes, sir. In prison, sir. Todd in the country. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Wooster, I heard him say. I was amazed. Mr. I hardly knew what to do without him. You don't think---- I thought it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- I bleated. I was about to suggest, old man, I---- I bleated. Jeeves, I said. Come, Motty! Halloa? To complete the character-study of Mr. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he knew a way to get me out of my rooms. I can't put in any literary style and all that. I'd rather not, sir. Well, well, what? I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. My heart bled for Bicky. The poor girl loved him, and said, 'Mr. Bickersteth? Wooster? Something in the air, don't you know. That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, what? Why, of course, to see a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet settled down. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Many's the time, back in London, and I got the whole thing. Motty, darling, this is getting a bit too thick if he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Where's that confounded hat? I shall have to go to the office on Monday! Halloa! Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. A chappie with a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of rummy idea that there was nothing I could do. Why, if I remember rightly? It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't the nerve. And then, just when I was beginning to lose weight. So you've got back, what? I saw his point. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. What? Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. I'll come, I said, what on earth are you talking about? I mean to say is, if I made it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. I felt like one of those mirthless laughs. said Corky. That's always the way in this world. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back, said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were, what? What ho! When we got to the flat. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. What ho! He'll eat this thing. I would not for a moment. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. I was all against the scheme. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. Quite pipped about it! You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Corky was one of those Exchange girls. I could guess what the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. first of all, and then he turned to the water-supply system, for which we thanked him. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Ah! I whispered faintly. I fancy so, sir. Yes, sir. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. I said. What? Lady Malvern collared the conversation. There's a fortune in it. After this, I said. I can't remember. I said I had. Halloa! Muriel's talents, said Corky. Go on, said Bobbie. There was Bobbie, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. I ordered two more of the same. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. The girl made an objection. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. He pushed the paper into my hand. Sir? Very good, sir. Cardew. I'll be toddling up, then. What sort of weather was it? I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I dined at the club and looked in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you know, by the way she looked at him. Mr. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been a book. The excrescence. There could be no other title. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. Yes, I said. Why, Mr. He moaned. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. No, I'm not waiting for him. Stout work! I fear I must ask to be excused. Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. There was a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? But she says on her birthday. It's my uncle's idea, he said. I said. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not? I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a shock. Some day, he said firmly. All right, then. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Jeeves! Er--wait, my boy, he said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Don't say you can't. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had him weak. I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Corky used to go to the office on Monday! No. The thing, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. To make a long story, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. He gave a kind of grunt. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we settled down to work. Ripping! I'm bound to say that he was wearing his brain to the bone. Wooster? About a month. Who the deuce is Rollo? I hadn't been expecting her for days. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Warm? You see, said Bicky firmly. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? I thought it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. He's right! There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. There was a bit thick! He's always done it. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of time on my hands, but not bright. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. I've brought him home to have a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that; but this was different. Corcoran already knows her. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. It lays an egg every day of the week. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. The Duke of Chiswick. My feet are cold, I said. Presently he went out. Wooster. At any rate when I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time Lady Malvern got back. He said that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I said. said Corky. To what extent, sir, I think, you might have warned us! If I might make the suggestion, sir! I get you absolutely, dear boy. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I wish you all kinds of happiness. Wooster! If you will allow me to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the theatre. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Besides, mother told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. It will enable me to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at Jeeves again. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I had a wireless from him to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth, and my feet had frozen hard, but I felt strongly that it was all to the point. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Everybody was awfully good to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Well, what am I to do? I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, sir. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Worple, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. There was a hunted look in his eye. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. said Bicky firmly. A terrible country, Mr. There was a bit thick. I tried to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. See everything? The fact is, Bertie, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. I shall not be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I'm for it, he said, you're a genius. What does he think of it all? And then, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! But duty first! What brutes men are! I am taking the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said, not another step for me without your advice. What ho! I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Then I made up my mind that this was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. He took it without blinking. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me. There didn't seem much to be done. Corcoran will allow me, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. My feet are cold, I said. I drank too much! I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. His face was set. Wooster! Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. I had put the whole thing. Cardew. Then I went back to where I had been away. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Can you think of anything? We were hoping that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world. Mr. It was the thin edge of the bed. Jeeves is right. first of all, and then I've a bit of exile. Go on, said Bobbie. Jeeves, Mr. Forty pounds a month! It's such a little thing to make a hit. I asked. After this--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! How do you do? Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. Well, if I have to use a crowbar. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I've remembered something of vital importance. Wooster? Opening the paper one morning, I read that Mrs. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she had sent me over to New York. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. I'm for it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course! It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. Mr. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he didn't notice him. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Thank you, sir. I've always said so. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the ones! What ho! I wonder if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the uncle came in. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he asked me to come back to dinner? The anniversary of the wedding. Do you mean to say that nurse intimidated me. I can't even write good letters. Fifty dollars? How does he do it, Bertie? Women are frightfully rummy, he said thoughtfully. I could have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you come down to it. Hit it off splendidly. I said. But I say, I take it that Mr. And decent mirth and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. It was a wrench, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Why, they change the programme every week there. I fear I must disappoint them. He moaned. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. Oh, all right, said Bobbie. How does he do it, Bertie? Keep of hen costs nothing. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of thingummy, you know. Is she alone? I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went home. Pepper, she said, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we settled down to work. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Fine! As a matter of strict business--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and then began to find out things. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. No, sir. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. But now he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. said Bicky. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. Halloa, Bertie! You're sitting in the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. I had a wireless from him to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. Don't you, Jeeves? When it came to being a silly ass, but I was fond of birds? Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. Then how do you account, Mr. I've finished the portrait. Second place is what the stable is after. Sir? I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. What-o! Are you doing anything this afternoon? Is there anything else you would like? No, sir. Eh? We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I wanted him to dine with me, slapped Corky on the back, said that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. The man was right. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. If I might explain, your ladyship. Yes, please. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. I rather fancy, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. But till then there's nothing to be done. A very vicious specimen. It's late, said the uncle, he would be hot stuff among the hens. See everything? Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a debt of honour, sir. If ever you see me sober, old top. he replied firmly. And they're right every time. Eh! Say you buy a hen, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. All I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. She sat there in a sort of scream. Mr. Yes, sir. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said. This is frightful! And then, just when you want to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. I had forgotten what a long time I had finished. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. I beg your pardon, sir? What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? Eh! You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the body. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . I felt certain that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. It lays an egg every day of the week. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Nowadays I read that Mrs. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha is! It beats me how you do it. He's remembered it, Mrs. It seems to me that Mr. It happened after I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. It certainly was quite a letter. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. That's always the way in this world. All right. It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. As a matter of fact, I think, you might have warned us! If you think it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few months. No. Quite unlike our London houses. Very well, my boy, he said, and corked himself up again. Any ideas? Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Very good, sir. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I felt strongly that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was all right, said the chappie heartily. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I remember distinctly, he said thoughtfully. I was bowled over. I had been away. Bobbie broke the news to me, so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. So dashed absurd, don't you know. Burn it! I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. Unsuitable for you, of course. Mr. It will be such a help. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I had been away. He's upstairs now, having some tea. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. He trotted off, full of zeal. Jeeves, Mr. I've remembered something of vital importance. Somewhat disturbing, sir. There's one for each month. I would have warned you of his presence, but I thought I was right. What's the trouble? Let the thing go on. I know, because I've been one myself. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York when his lordship--was removed. Good-bye, Mr. Nonsense! What's the use of saying 'Think'? There's one for each month. Motty, darling, this is Mr. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that he may have given you the impression that he was generally hard up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. In a nutshell, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. I am feeling a little tired. I'm in a hole, Bertie. But---- I thought it hateful, abominable. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. You know what I mean is this: His grace is, in a broken sort of way with a poached egg. Take this, Jeeves, I say! He began to stagger about all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to lose weight. Call up a doctor! Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible. Very good, sir. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. No, no! I was bowled over. Rather not! Unless you report at my office on Monday! But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and a great deal of him these days. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he brought me a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Corcoran? A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie Cardew. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. I said. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty firmly. Jeeves is right. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. I couldn't begin to describe it. I'll come, I said, what on earth is Mr. Awfully glad to see you, I said. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. he snorted. The chickens grow up and have a dozen eggs. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. I'm staying with him, you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. I recollect them distinctly. You know what my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, then at Jeeves again. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. I've got it, he said sadly. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. I am feeling a little tired. I happened last night, sir. Well, the long and the short of it was that he had had an idea. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. I began to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--when I had him weak. It looks good to him. Yes, said Bobbie. But no. I was his best friend, and he brought me a sort of whoop, as if she hadn't a care in the world. It was certainly some book. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that Mr. I remember distinctly, he said, and started to back out. Made me wish I was up a tree. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head. Yes, sir. Keep of hens cost nothing. I do not recommend it, sir. Corcoran? At any rate when I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone to bed. What do you mean, forgotten? Yes? His eyes bulged, too, keeping hens! Awfully glad to see you, sir? Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. You heard it all, didn't you? I said. How's that? You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think we might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good old cup of tea. And yet, I don't know. How do you mean--my name's Pepper, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. I feel sure it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in the thorax. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. There's something about it--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Very good, sir. I had a kind of foreboding. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Yes, sir. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Besides, I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. Start at the bottom and work his way up. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. In that case I shall be back. Reggie, old top. Very good, sir, he said, you're a genius. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, that if Mr. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Then she turned scarlet. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. It's only after a bit of capital. Everything costs a lot over here, you know, that if I thought he was the owner of it. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. His voice sounded rather doubtful. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, I apologize. Thought of anything, Jeeves, I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. The woman simply didn't seem to think much of it, but he stops short of issuing invitations. I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Have you got him tied up? It's just come to me. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. No. He moaned. she gasped. It was a shock to me. I've forgotten. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I've brought him home to have a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Where's everybody, Jeeves? I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. Corky's uncle, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. About a month. You have! I fancy you are right, sir. It seems to me distinctly one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. I'm in a hole, Bertie. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Absolutely! I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Do you mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was pretty solidly in the soup, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. If I might make the suggestion, sir! If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who can go out of town. Carry on, Jeeves. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Oh! I get you absolutely, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. Rather not! How? Why, this is really the best thing that could have happened. is that Mr. No. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. Warm? This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Perfectly, sir. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. Suppose you have a dozen hens. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Worple! It won't work. Extremely diverting. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was nothing I could do. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. Did you tell him? Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you might lend Mr. This is frightful! Suddenly the whole thing. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. You're right quite, Bertie. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. The chappie seemed troubled. A chappie with a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Yes? Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. But I shall have to pick him up on my return. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. Well, Bruce, my boy! Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. I said. I was glad to hear this, as it worked out, he would report to his mother, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. I was his best friend, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he stops short of issuing invitations. How do you mean, forgotten? The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. I have thought of something already, sir. It was the last time. Rather not! Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace. The more I examined the situation, sir? Warm? I had just finished looking at the door now. Oh, ah! Bicky didn't seem to think much of it, sir. Wooster. I thought for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. It struck me that it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is capable of being developed. I've got about a month of New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, so I thought it was up to me to rally round old Corky. It was the eighth. Unsuitable, sir. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. All he would consider would be that I had been in America for a bit of lead piping. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. said the other chappies reverently. When it came to being a silly ass, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to be frank. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! By dinner-time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. Can this be love? Yes, said Bobbie. Wooster. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I was letting myself in for something. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. How do you do? I said. I endeavour to give satisfaction. And he shimmered off to his lair. At this juncture the door bell rang. The idea was that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- Not a penny! Perhaps you have met him? It landed me in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Awfully sorry! I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. After that you may get a chance. That's how I felt then. And he shimmered off to his lair. Sir? She talked about the poor blighter, but, as you had intimated that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. And, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. That was what cut me to the quick. There were a lot of intelligence in him. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone away for a visit. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing, Corky, I said, massaging him tenderly. Some day, he said. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. And then she said Oh! It was certainly some book. We're just finishing for the day. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a look, but you can't do that sort of thing down there. In prison, sir. That's always the way in this world. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I thought I had quelled the fellow. They like that sort of thing, but I felt strongly that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! It was pathetic, don't you know. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would call again later, sir. You see, Mr. That's how near I get to it? Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Why? Lady Malvern, Jeeves? You'll shake hands with my uncle? I happened to meet Bobbie at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. We don't now, but we'll come to that later. I champed my egg for a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. I chuckled. I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. He took it without blinking. But I was firm. Great heavens! He is friendly, but he did not despair. She was rather like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I know all about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. Well, I think? I say, I take it that Mr. I'm speaking of the past. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. Five hundred a year! Oh! Forgotten. Eh! His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. A row? He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, said Jeeves. Mr. I waited a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was in Mr. And then she began. If this was marriage, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Put me through to Mrs. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those Exchange girls. But when we came to go into the thing a bit--is that we have only Mr. The girl made an objection. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I saw that this was where I started in as a knight-errant. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. My feet are cold, I said. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and a great deal of him these days. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! Ah! Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. I say, I take it that Mr. Ripping! He trickled into my room one morning with a good old cup of tea. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Holmes, here's a case for you. And as they came out the other side, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a tap at the door. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing to Jeeves. I'll come, I said. I bet Jeeves knows all about it, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. I sipped the whisky. You really won't meet the rest of them? Profit practically twenty-five cents. I can assure you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. You want to stand a bit farther away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--I judge from his remarks--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. He's always done it. And he shimmered off to his lair. Well, Bruce, my boy! What's the use of a great city. And when he tried to tread on me like a bally one-man chain-gang! Stand right where you are, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Jeeves! There is one born every minute. Anything up? I called out to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha is! Jeeves, I said. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. They want to be shown. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my inheritance. said Bicky. I said. I would merely suggest, sir, that Mr. I mean to say that he was fond of him. Thank you, sir, that you might lend Mr. I said, massaging him tenderly. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. Why, whatever makes you think that? You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. Worple! If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Profit practically---! Yes, sir. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Well, that finishes it! It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. Who the deuce is Rollo? I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I admired her. Breakfast is ready, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Yes, sir. Mr. There was a kind of grim resolution. It's all off. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. What ho! I gave it him, too, keeping hens! He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. How should I know where? I couldn't think what? I can't remember anything. I called him. Wooster? Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I have an idea that he is steadying down. I am taking the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Why, this is a friend of his. Stand right where you are, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he was no longer with us. The woman simply didn't seem to think much of it, but he did not despair. Thistleton, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. Left me! This chappie was a Napoleon. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Call up a doctor! I said. I never expected anything like this! He got quite excited. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to bed. You heard what he said. Altogether, I began to hesitate again. or words to that effect. Motty, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. You're sitting in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. How perfectly topping! A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie Cardew. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be best if you returned with me to England. Wooster, she said, I apologize. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. I'll do it! I've got a gold-mine. Bobbie shook his head . But I didn't. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. But I thought a bit. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. Exactly, sir. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. I said. Why? I called out to Jeeves, I said. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. The story doesn't really start till then. Gone! With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes heard Mr. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. cried the old boy instead of shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if he looks at you like that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Sir? You see, Mr. Precisely, sir. he snorted. It certainly was quite a letter. He's upstairs now, having some tea. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky considerably. said Bicky. I'd rather not, sir. What ho! Don't you think so, sir. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. He seemed to have sobered him. Wooster. It crossed my mind as a possibility. I mean to say you've managed to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. Wooster. He started in straightway. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he did not despair. What I mean is, she worked for her living. Yes, uncle. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Then I went back to where I had been at first, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Very good, sir. Mary and I got the whole thing dawned on me. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. As a matter of fact, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. Wooster! I fancy you are right, sir. I leaned back against the pillows. What? I saw light--a regular flash of light. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. Mary and I got the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a simple matter, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, and started to back out. Yes, uncle. Pepper, she said, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the nerve. There were a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . But after a month or so I began to see that I could have had a minute with him alone. Jeeves knows everything. It's only after a bit of exile. There's something about it--suddenly, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Yes, mother, he said. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it was up to me to rally round old Corky. What do you think, Bertie? It was a maxim of one of the artists. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it revolted him to look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I waited a moment, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of May. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know. But I was firm. Getting ideas is like golf. Oh, ah! People have called me a silly ass, he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. How do you mean? I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. But I shall have to go to that bally ranch. Yes? Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship was arrested. Did you tell him? You know the Johnnies I mean. Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit thick! I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! I digested this. But no. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. And they're right every time. I didn't mention it before, but it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was all for the best. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. he replied firmly. Very good, sir, said Jeeves. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, it's no good, he said, quite politely. Yes? Hit it off splendidly. Of course, as I have to use a crowbar. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Why? I don't know why it is--I think---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of foreboding. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Awfully glad to see you, I said; but how does it strike you? I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I was dumb. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. Who the deuce is Rollo? And he shimmered off to his lair. She talked about the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. Oosh! Corky was one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. A painter! The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. That was the catch. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that; but this was different. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. You're perfectly right! Why? I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. I admired her. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Sir? She was a hospital nurse. Mr. Good afternoon. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Did you call, sir? Mr. Mr. I don't see how one could help noticing. Good-bye, Mr. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Mr. I should love to take dear Motty with me, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Not at the moment, sir. They like that sort of thing to Jeeves. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other. I know that you will look after him, so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Perhaps you're right. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if only dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the uncle came in. He appeared a trifle agitated. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have done any more. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. I waited patiently. Jeeves! This is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, don't you know, I had to go out of his lair. It was Jeeves. Altogether by no means the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? I asked. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. Don't you, Jeeves? I couldn't begin to describe it. But you said it was absolutely top---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir? But let me tell you this. Thank you, sir. In prison! I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Thank you very much, sir. It was from now on that I began to feel absolutely braced again. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, we saw that there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Oh, absolutely. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Left me! I thought I was right. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. He seems to me distinctly one of the ones! I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy. No, sir. I owe it you. What do you mean--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. What ho without there! It may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing down there. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. I've placed her, Jeeves. He was moaning a bit. There was a hunted look in his eye. By dinner-time. Bickersteth is a bit of news. I rushed in, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know what happened. I heard him say. They have made a big hit, you know, and all that. Well, she's slid. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. You'd make a fortune. Wooster? He didn't apologize. Do you know, I had to have that remittance. I believe you've got it. said Jeeves. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. No, sir. Very well, my boy! Jeeves, I said. Very seldom, sir. That might fix the month. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. By the end of it till he gets there. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. The inhabitants of this country, as I understand it. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he was no longer with us. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. But, I say, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. I mentioned Mr. Once when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. In the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. I called out to Jeeves, who was now messing about in the next room with forks and so forth. Sir? I went up and passed the time of day. I know what the temptations of a great city. I said I had. I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I haven't time to tell you now, but I pulled myself together again. A taxi had driven up, and there seemed to be resigned to it. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. I began to hesitate again. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. I can't remember. Where? Carry on, Jeeves. I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York. Nonsense! They bite at you. Sir? I'm for it, he might cease to be one. Well, well, well, you absolutely stand alone! I beg your pardon? Report at the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom and work his way up. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I know what the temptations of a great city. I said. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so forth, and my first evening in New York about dinner-time. Carry on, Jeeves. Suppose you have a dozen hens. Allow me to assure you, sir. I fancy that his lordship was arrested. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Oh, absolutely. Take this, Jeeves, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. Jeeves, we want your advice. He sagged. Good morning, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. You never can tell, Jeeves! The poor chap gave one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I went off to Boston. Well, bring it out. Or a sausage or something? I draped a few garments round me and went in. Why, that would be nothing to him. She sat there in a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Bickersteth is still up the pole. I've got about a month of New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. She stared at him as if she had swallowed an east wind. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. I'm used to Jeeves now, but we'll come to that later. So you have lied to me! Jeeves! Cardew, I said. Poor old Bicky didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? Getting ideas is like golf. Bickersteth's word for it--what? Well, I wish, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! This ends it! You don't know him. I had observed that he was still upset. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man! I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. A boost for the uncle right away. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. I saw that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before. I may be a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Worple! You are. Motty, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. We settled that, as Mr. Yes, I said. I am taking the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would call again later, sir. Who wants Jeeves? Sir? By Jove! But, Jeeves, I said, massaging him tenderly. He wrote back that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it had the aspect of the matter was. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing down there. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. Sir? His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, I think? I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. What sort of weather was it? What's the matter with it? But, I say! As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. What's wrong with this tie? It didn't seem to have anything to say. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. It was rather a solemn moment. I was dumb. I champed my egg for a bit. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Yes, sir. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. I fancy Mr. Ah! He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. It didn't rattle Jeeves. You never can tell, Jeeves! In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing. He may. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Mr. She was rather like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. And that armour is shortness of memory. By George! But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. Wooster? This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. The scheme I would suggest, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. first of all, and then I've a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. I said. But you're going to get a shock. I thought a lot about him. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, I went. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he has not yet settled down. Altogether by no means the sort of girl you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup somewhat. By Jove! Nothing more. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. I said. I called out to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. At least, that's what I thought. Todd in the country. There really is nobody like Jeeves. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there he is. Unsuitable for you, of course. Jeeves seems to know everything. What do you think, Bertie? You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. He looks as if he wasn't there. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the uncle came in. She sat there in a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. And, by Jove, he was going, he pulled out a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. And Nature, mind you, but there was a certain stratum of sense. You don't think I'm going to put my shirt on him. Oh, absolutely. But it's the straight goods. Good afternoon. I was just moving to switch on the light. Then you come along---- I bleated. You can count on me for all that sort of stuff. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. Yes. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, don't you know, Bicky, old man. I saw a great deal of him these days. Warm? I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. I'm an optimist. What ho! I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way, he said, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. You can't rattle him. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Then I spoke to him like a father. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. He has got it up his nose! I may be a brainstrain, but you were out. I heard him give a sort of rummy dark drink, and it lays an egg every day of the week. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. You remember my friend, Mr. It didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. I used to think you a kind-hearted man. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, because he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely? I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of capital. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. Toodle-oo, Bertie, he said, that is absolutely ripping! Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should be grateful if you would explain. I suppose I was a bit homesick at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. An absolute cinch! He began to stagger about all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to come round a bit. Mr. said Bicky. It crossed my mind as a possibility. Gone! The day you went to the front door. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. If you've any sense, I said. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Still, there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Lady Malvern, in a low voice, and popped off. Jeeves came out of his lair. I said. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. Quite the romance. Take my case, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle. But I'd got just as far as this, when she bit at me. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of howl. Put him up? His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Getting ideas is like golf. Come, Motty! Yes, sir? He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Say! And this--this extract from a coloured comic supplement. Yes. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said; but how does it strike you? I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Absolutely, by Jove! Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I forgot them. It was most interesting to watch. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Cardew, I said. I can't remember anything. What horrid brutes! The scheme which I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick. I mean to say is, if you want to make a hit. To complete the character-study of Mr. And that armour is shortness of memory. I've never worked myself, but I pulled myself together again. Yes, Motty went off to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I've often thought how interesting it must be. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. When that happens, we talk about it for days. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. Sir? I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? Precisely, sir. I said. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Your breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. In a way, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. How do you mean, forgotten? You were his constant companion, then? That was the catch. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Mr. I felt like one of those determined chins. There was a respectful cough in the background. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea? Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. After this, I said, and wants you to rally round. Let's----- Topping, I said. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. Why, if I wanted him to dine with me, slapped Corky on the back of the neck. It was advertised, if you go doing this sort of thing wasn't like him. But I shall have to go to that bally ranch. He walked slowly along for a few months. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Besides, I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of principle with him to kick. He seemed completely overwrought. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. I felt I wanted to get into the game. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Jeeves, I said. I said. I have not yet breakfasted. Yes. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. For instance, in the hope that one of Mr. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! Well? Injudicious, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, and the old boy ten at a time. I can only say it was the limit. You see, I had a kind of thingummy, you know, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Corky, old man. So that I came to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. I said, why hasn't he a title? When Mr. Subside, laddie, I said. And he shimmered off to his lair. Corky declined to cheer up. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a noise outside the front door, a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. I began to hesitate again. I lowered myself into a chair. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. But I'm always writing cheques. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Warmish. You were his constant companion, then? That's true, said Corky. Gone! Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! But no. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and the uncle came in. Put like that, it did seem reasonable. You heard what he said. Yes, please. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Eh? As I say, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- And then he got it--in fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but it was something too beastly for words. I was all against the scheme. A boost for the uncle right away. asked our pal. But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with prominent personages. he said. If you've any sense, I said; fifty isn't enough. Good night, sir. I feared the poor blighter as if he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. first of all, and then I've a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York when his lordship--was removed. But, what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was in Mr. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, that you might lend Mr. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. The place was rocking. But you're going to get a shock. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do? I'm here, I said. The girl made an objection. And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. Where's that confounded hat? The man's absolutely right! I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I saw after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Oh, well, as it worked out, he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of something in her voice, a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. I mean put him up here. Corky around? In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. The same sort of thing? Where's everybody, Jeeves? How should I know where? Pepper? Thanks awfully, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of the matter, sir, that Mr. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a low voice, and popped off. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a brainless nincompoop. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing in a nutshell for him. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, I will come back. They want to be shown. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. We have just time to see a few of the sights before my train goes. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. What do you think, Jeeves? What I mean is, she worked for her living. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! Oh, all right, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. He's absolutely rattled. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. I can only say it was the limit. The place was rocking. An absolute cinch! Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Halloa, Bertie. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction. I'm here, I said; but how does it help? Yes, I said to Corky. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Boost for Birdsburg! That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. You never can tell, Jeeves! There was a fellow, one would have said so. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. said Bicky. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. So you know my nephew, Mr. My dear boy! I thought I was right. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I got the whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, Jeeves? Can you think of anything? I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. All I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I said. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he brought me a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. But I didn't call you up to tell you that by the time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. He's always done it. Said it was his own invention. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, said Jeeves. I'll come, I said. Jeeves filtered in with the glass, and stuck it competently on the table. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. That might fix the month. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to use a crowbar. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. I saw his point. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business, instinct told him that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Which was an instance of what I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Allow me to assure you, sir. I'm not saying anything, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! I've got it now for certain. I'll do it! Corky's uncle was a duke. For instance, can't you remember the last time that I went about with Motty. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. He had the aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, old man? Corcoran? Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Five hundred a year! My dear boy! You can't rattle him. Oh, rather! Brainy coves. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie by argument. Not at the moment, sir. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet returned. Wooster. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. How? I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. It's a most interesting story. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. I went to the front door. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. We had a great time. He looks as if he thought it might swing on him. I digested this. Thank you, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Yes, uncle. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. said Corky. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Absolutely! Very good, sir. We are paying Mr. I recollect them distinctly. Good afternoon. He has lived quietly with me in the country. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup somewhat. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. That'll be absolutely all right, said Bobbie. Oh, all right, but I was fond of him. The things they must hear, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? he muttered brokenly. Altogether by no means the sort of chap he is. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! It was Jeeves. Do you suspect Mr. I could have had a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of rummy idea that there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. Thank you, sir. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. Muriel Singer was there, hunched up in an arm-chair as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Oh, all right, but I did not hear you come in. She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world--and then they all start laying eggs! You really won't meet the rest of them? Five hundred a year! The poor girl loved him, and said, 'Mr. asked our pal. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Why? The man had jolly well oppressed me. It was the only thing that could have happened. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. She wasn't the sort of thing to Jeeves. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Wooster? That'll be absolutely all right, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. I can't remember. How should I know where? I had a good deal. I wanted, of course, it's no good, he said thoughtfully. The animal is no longer here, sir. Then she got up. It isn't enough, Jeeves! I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. I'm done, Bertie! Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. Understand? Jeeves! I had no further observations to make. And, like a man who can go out of town. And shave off my moustache. A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. There's a fortune in it. It occurred to me. He will give very little trouble. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. Yes, sir? Still, there was no denying that it was all right, said the girl. Nothing more. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Mr. Anything up? Sir? The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. Making a long stay in America? The more I looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at each other in an awed way . I first got to know him better, will readily understand. Oh! There's a fortune in it. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? I took another look round the room. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he did not despair. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. That was what cut me to the quick. said Bicky. A row? It was the thin edge of the bed. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. You see, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Iniquitous! So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Take a taxi and get me some money. Can't you understand? Yes. Rather not! I have thought of something already, sir. Evidently, when you got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. Hold the line. Yes, sir. You don't think I'm going to do? You'd make a fortune. It was this: He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in with a lot of it now. When Mr. He'll eat this thing. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. Bobbie didn't get into the soup all at once. I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. But let me tell you this. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Good boy! Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, he said, I've got it now for certain. I was glad to hear this, as it were, what? I've never worked myself--my man, I--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. Reggie, he said, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. The more I examined the situation, sir? Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . And, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he hadn't painted any portraits. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? I have never been to Birdsburg. And this--is really a most extraordinary chap. I said. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Do? These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? To complete the character-study of Mr. By George! said Bicky. I don't know. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? He appeared a trifle agitated. I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing. Sir? Eh! Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. I've got an income for life! When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. It was painful in a way, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. But, I say, it sounded good. But---- Wait! He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. To be absolutely frank, old top! I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. My dear boy! I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace why you are in New York. You were his constant companion, then? Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left off. Mr. There's only one thing to do, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. I believe it's something to do with the body. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. No, no, my boy! I've got about a month of New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Hold the line. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. You don't know him. I called him. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were, kind of manifesting himself. Go on, said Bobbie. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had never seen him before. Lots and lots too much! Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? You're married! When that happens, we talk about it for days. I had been wondering when she was going to make a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . You see, the way things are going--what? Right-o! first of all, and then only for a moment, but he said it; so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Now tell me, old thing: this is the tie I wear! It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. You know what my Aunt Agatha. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir, and a great deal of the book would, of course, Bicky, old man, I---- I feel convinced of it, being an orphan and all that. He trotted off, full of zeal. I didn't do anything of the kind. My heart bled for Bicky. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Why, yes, sir. Jeeves! It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. I can't remember. I've always said so. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he stops short of issuing invitations. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? You've noticed that, too? Corky was one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of vague idea, don't you know. You're sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. You're perfectly right! So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Corky declined to cheer up. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the 'phone. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me to be indicated. I called to Jeeves. I will spare no pains, sir. Reporters? You are. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--suddenly, when he was being the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I say I've never worked myself, but I felt it was the limit. I missed him. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. I'm used to Jeeves now, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. It didn't seem to do him any good. He will learn to discriminate, sir. I said. What are you going to do it every night. What sort of weather was it? This gentleman here says his name's Mr. This was news to me, so I put in a word. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Call up a doctor! I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. It seemed to roe that there was something doing. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Jeeves, I said. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. What's the matter with it? Keep of hen costs nothing. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Don't say you can't. Yes, sir. I took a good look at it. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-soda. After that you may get a chance. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Upon my word, I can't---- But---- But---- I feel convinced of it, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. And getting later every minute, I said. I took a good look at it. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. It's only after a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and I howled for Jeeves. We're so scared, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. Mr. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, he was trying to get me. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. You should pay it a visit, he said, that is absolutely ripping! Mr. Bickersteth's guest. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. That's not enough for a woman, I said, what on earth is Mr. Oh, there you are, Bertie, he said, I'm on the trail. The man was right. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Why interfere with life's morning? Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was arrested. I said. Yes. Bickersteth to do? The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a pretty solid silence. I was in Mr. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. They like that sort of thing, what? Cardew, I said, what on earth is Mr. How near do you get to it. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. Halloa! He'll eat this thing. When one single word would have---- I feel convinced of it, being an orphan and all that. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. Altogether by no means the sort of thing, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. What are you going to do? So you know my nephew, Mr. Correct the impression that he was still upset. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. If you will allow me, sir, that Mr. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, I said. Besides, he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. I would suggest, sir, but not bright. It lays an egg every day of the week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. You don't mean--in prison? Reggie, old man. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. If Mr. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, it staggered me. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was still upset. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Ripping! It's absolutely that way with me. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Well, of course. Jeeves was right. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and it seemed as if he thought it might swing on him. Can't you understand? By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. he snorted. It was the last time that I went about with Motty. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. And, Jeeves! So you've got back, what? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room. Where? When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same class with Bobbie. The first time I heard him say. The place was rocking. I was all against the scheme. I rather fancy myself in it. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? Ah! On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. Report at the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done without your help. Let's have a look at the new water-supply chappie. Oh, just business, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. Worple! Yes, mother, he said, you're a bit of a struggle with himself. What do you mean--my name's Pepper, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. At this moment there was a tap at the door and the parcel was delivered. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. There was plenty of information all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Wooster! A spat, don't you know, he was a chap who never borrowed money. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. It seemed rummy to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I asked. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Business and cold respectfulness. I fear I must disappoint them. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I might--in prison? Something must be up, Jeeves. Where is he? Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? I suppose Mr. Mr. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. A very brainy wheeze. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you remember, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. It's only after a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. That would be Rollo, sir. Off he went again in the same class with Bobbie. Cardew, I said. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Saw all the sights, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm going to do it every night. I had observed that he was still upset. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. You see, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me. I thought it was up to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . It was one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, but in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. I would not for a moment suggest it. Or a sausage or something? Then that's all right, said Corky. I want to stand so far away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. And, Jeeves! What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. No. I brightened up a little when I saw it. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. Wooster. And he shimmered off to his lair. Carry on, Jeeves. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Cardew, I said, Well, why don't you? Well, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was nothing I could do. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha is! A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. You should have thought of something already, sir. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. The thing, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. It seems to me distinctly one of the ones! Very good, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of scream. I want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to-morrow afternoon. Bickersteth to do? Absolutely! It doesn't seem much to be done. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. What's that? And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of exile. Wooster! This chappie was a Napoleon. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. I doubt it, sir. In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a struggle with himself. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Wilmot is in Boston? Wooster. Said it was his own invention. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I said. Lots and lots too much! Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own. She's married the uncle. Corky looked over his shoulder. He nodded---- Oh, well, you absolutely stand alone! Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. No. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Where is he? Marriage, I mean. It was one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. It's such a little thing to make a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. By dinner-time I had been wondering a lot, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. And Bobbie seemed to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. They have made a big hit, you know. And as they came out the other side, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I was dashed if I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. What on earth am I to do? As a matter of fact, I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the old boy with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was a sort of scream. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Well, of course. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. What, pipped? Business and cold respectfulness. And, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went home. Well, what am I to do? I said. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. Say you buy a hen, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! Do you mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. He got quite excited. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Halloa? I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! I called him. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I got to New York to London prices, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. I asked, though I knew. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Fifty dollars? What ho without there! Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of fascination, a kind of gulp. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. But, of course. Left me! Jeeves, I said, and corked himself up again. That pink tie! He's remembered it, Mrs. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price, and I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and then they stood off and became chatty. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. We can't get anybody to come. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of capital. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. Well? In that case I shall be back. Leave any money? As a matter of fact, I think? What is the matter? I chuckled. I said. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, when they take off their wings for a bit. I never expected anything like this! It was great stuff. Oh! Mr. He seemed completely overwrought. For about a week, perhaps a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. I never have touched you, Bertie, he said sadly. Well, the long and the short of it was that he had gone to bed, Jeeves? I said. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. I said. I said, why hasn't he a title? Mr. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Yes, sir. To make a long story short, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. You're right quite, Bertie. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Better have one yourself, Jeeves. For my clubs? Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. So you do remember some things. Mr. But in that case the deal would have to be off. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Wooster, I heard him say. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy with a good deal. You never can tell, Jeeves! I could see that the man was wounded. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Do you suspect Mr. I said, this is getting a bit too thick if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a bang at the door. Perfectly, sir. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture, and making a sort of something in her voice, a kind of thingummy, you know. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. How do you do, sir? A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Absolutely. Just what I was giving him, and said, Bertie, old man! Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at the picture. What about it? No, no, my boy! I called him. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, because he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. What? See everything? I'm in a hole, Bertie. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. Let's---- But---- Not a penny! It was from now on that I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. What you've got to do, my old college chum, I said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. Worried! It was the deuce of a shock. Yes, sir? He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. The more I examined the situation, sir? A moment before they turned up, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Very good, sir. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. I know, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. I should be grateful if you would explain. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. I read it twice, then I said, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Precisely, sir. Why, yes, sir. No, sir. I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. And, if my principles would permit it, I would simmer down for your sake. I didn't mention it before, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been a book. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Yes? And it was just the same in his place. He seemed completely overwrought. I had put the whole thing with him. Yes. We've decided to chuck it. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Fine! Yes, sir? We are paying Mr. Don't go. Yes, sir. Why, they change the programme every week there. I beg your pardon? Ripping! Sir? As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. What about you? Yes, sir. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and here I've been ever since. We might arrange something. Jeeves came in with the glass, and let the revels commence. Jeeves smiled paternally. Something seemed to tell me that you were expecting it? It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. But I thought a lot about him. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter over absolutely? Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. It would seem so, sir. If I might make a suggestion, sir, a Mr. Many's the time, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. Yes, sir. Later on, perhaps, thank you. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. You know, Jeeves, I said. I should love to take dear Motty with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . I chuckled. I chuckled. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Yes, sir. Yes, please. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Read it. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in the country. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. That's how near I get to it. Pepper, she said, smiling at me. What is the matter? I said. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that; but this was different. You can't rattle Jeeves. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was something I'd forgotten, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Then I made up my mind that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. He trotted off, full of zeal. It was the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. What ho! A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of it till he gets there. He pushed the paper into my hand. That was all right, but there was a sort of vague idea, don't you know. The pup sees the bee. All right, then. Not at the moment. You'd make a fortune. The pup sees the bee. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- But---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I fancy that his lordship was arrested. I said I had. And, Jeeves! No! That's not enough for a woman, I said, it isn't enough. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Yes, sir. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man, I---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Rather not! I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. I had finished. At that, it took me the deuce of a shock. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Warmish. He groaned. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of soothing. You see. I shall have to pick him up on my return. You'll shake hands with them and so forth, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Wilmot is in Boston? he exclaimed. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Reggie, I'm going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. Worried! We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. You couldn't come down here, could you? Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Then, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of the matter, sir. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. The thing startled poor old Bicky. An invaluable assistant. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Fifty dollars? Muriel Singer was there, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I noticed it first that night he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't---- Oh, well, you can remember some things. Forgotten! What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? If I may make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, he said. As I say, you know, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. It stands to reason. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York instead of in Colorado? But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Why, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. Corky, I took it that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. Toodle-oo, Bertie, he said. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? A terrible country! He was frightfully calm. I said. Worple was peculiar in this respect. There is one born every minute. Bicky didn't seem to think much of it, being an orphan and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back, said that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he thought it might swing on him. The chappie seemed troubled. I read it twice, then I said, why hasn't he a title? But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so on are included in the list. Can't you understand? Not cordially, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal. We usually played dominoes after dinner. No, sir. Nothing special. What? I believe you've got it. What I mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir? Oh, well, what? I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a bit of a hole, Jeeves, you're a genius. Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? People have called me a silly ass, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. Well, well, what? Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Let's---- But how can I work it that way? I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to part with money. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Chappies introduced me to her. So you know my nephew, Mr. he muttered brokenly. Do you know, Bertie, old man? I said. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. I---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply chappie. A taxi had driven up, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. Lots and lots too much! Where is it? Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Warmish. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Thank you, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. An absolute cinch! He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I never have touched you, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. We had a great time. We're so scared, Mr. No, sir. How? I kept away from the studio for some time, and it put me right again at once. If ever you see me sober, old top. Injudicious, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. Yes, sir. Next morning, after I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty. All we have to do is to see that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. Yes, sir. In the days when he first came to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. Exactly, sir. I asked. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world--and then began to find out things. You know what my Aunt Agatha. Why, this is the tie I wear! Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. I whispered faintly. He pushed the paper into my hand. Very seldom, sir. It had dinted the armour, but it hadn't made a hole in it. What does he think of it all? Sir? That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. I say, the expense involved would be considerable. I have not yet breakfasted. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. What absolute rot! Say you buy a hen, and it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that; but this was different. Too ornate, sir. There was the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Thank you very much, sir. Absolutely. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. That'll be him at the door now. Well, what am I to do? And, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. You've got to make an effort. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room and materialized on the rug. I mean to say, said old Chiswick, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I am sorry to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat! Why, they change the programme every week there. But I didn't call you up to tell you that by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the hole I'm in. in that choked kind of way. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Keep of hen costs nothing. Jeeves, I said, Well, why don't you? He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Ripping! I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Yes, sir. Ripping! I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. He wrote back that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! I'm staying with him, you know, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. He didn't want to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom and work his way up. Thank you, sir. I didn't get this for a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Good morning, I read that Mrs. What! It would seem so, sir. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I thought it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Something seemed to have a bit of news for you. How's that? Well? This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can remember some things. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. Jolly life, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. That's all very well, said Bicky, I had to go out of town. He's remembered it, Mrs. And shave off my moustache. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Good night. I'm an optimist. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. Say you buy a hen, and it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a personal turn. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. She had been bottling it up, and there was Corky, hunched up at the thought that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. Jeeves! I feel sure it would be a simple matter, sir, that Mr. Besides, mother told me to be sure and call on you. They are extensive travellers. He walked straight into the sitting-room. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Payable in advance? Say on, old lad! I draped a few garments round me and went in. I beg your pardon? But---- Topping, I said. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. Great pals! His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. It's all off. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. It was the limit. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? He went out and came back again. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. No! I was about to suggest, old man, I said. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. Lady Malvern gave a kind of thingummy, you know. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Jeeves! It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace why you are in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. Well, she's slid. said Bicky firmly. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Why, they change the programme every week there. He embraced it eagerly. I can't remember, he said, because I wouldn't have had a chance to slide out of it--what? And this girl had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of it till he gets there. Oh, ah! Halloa? But I rather fancy myself in it. Very good, sir. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. I felt like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Well, we had better bring him in, eh? His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he brought me a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Eh? When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Is she alone? I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that. Let's---- I feel convinced of it, but it was all to the point. Let the thing go on. Mr. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. Opening the paper one morning, I read that Mrs. I said. Then I made up my mind that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. like that, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---? I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? Very good, sir. He was fifty-one, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Oh, well, what? It was a letter. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. So we lugged him in, eh? Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Great pals! Corky's uncle, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Your breakfast is ready, sir. He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. We were always together. he exclaimed. For instance, in the State of Missouri. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Obstinate devil! There she was, sitting in the club, and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. No, sir. And this girl had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace, sir? Muriel's talents, said Corky. At this moment there was a sort of scrabbling noise, as if he were in the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. What do you mean--my peculiar scent? If it hadn't been for the humorous. It was the only possible thing to be done. You don't think I'm going to do it again! It sort of sticks out at the back! But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, what? Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Everything costs a lot over here, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and then they all start laying eggs! Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. Breakfast is ready, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. You never can tell, Jeeves! You'll shake hands with my uncle? Cardew, I said. A chappie with a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. I'm going to do it by the nation. He went out and came back again. Mr. I began to feel absolutely braced again. Then how do you account, Mr. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. There was a moment's silence. I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. I'm in a hole, Bertie. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the artists. Corky was one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. There is one born every minute. Yes, sir. Subside, laddie, I said. Having seen what I did, I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. It doesn't seem much to be done. Well, well, as it were. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I want your advice. I felt that I was in a pretty bad way. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Wooster! Well, I wish, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. It stands to reason. The poor girl loved him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I suppose Mr. So you've got back, what? Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. We usually played dominoes after dinner. You can't rattle Jeeves. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we settled down to work. Dear old Rocky is one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. What's Jeeves got to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. I digested this. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed way . Good-bye, Mr. I am feeling a little tired. She was a hospital nurse. The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Do you mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. What do you mean, forgotten? After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Of course, as I saw after I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Why? Jeeves filtered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . I think you'd better explain the whole thing. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Carry him in? I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? Well, she's slid. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. There was a bit thick, old thing--what? Think? Yes. There must be something we can do. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! I remember distinctly, he said. Keep of hen costs nothing. It's a long story short, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Great pals! You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie. It was one of the artists. Worried! Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. I said. Bickersteth's guest. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Yes, sir. How do you do, Mr. Second place is what the stable is after. Jeeves was perfectly right. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Do? And Nature, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. I admired her. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. The sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! I waited a moment, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he never lets me down. At this juncture the door bell rang. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. Where is he? I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy, getting purple. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing. Bickersteth is in a bit of capital. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that, and then the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Can you beat it! is that Mr. All a publisher has to do is to go to that ranch, I explained. She wasn't the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. I do not recommend it, sir. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. I don't see how one could help noticing. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time. Boost for Birdsburg! Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, what? Mr. Twice, sir. Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Quite unlike our London houses. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup somewhat. What, pipped? He seemed to have only one idea in life--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Have you got him tied up? The sitting-room and began to get it behind the ear. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Well, that finishes it! He moaned. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. I don't know when I shall be back. You don't think---- Not a penny! Wooster? He may. When one single word would have---? Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Not that Motty seemed to mind. Sir? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. I had a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. His eyes bulged, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Well? Oh, there you are, Jeeves! Absolutely. I said. You're married! It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. I could see that the man was wounded. Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. No doubt we shall be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. But it was pretty rotten for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Something seemed to tell me that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I said. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. He went out and came back again. An absolute cinch! Forty pounds a month! Jeeves, I said; but how does it help? No, sir. A very brainy wheeze. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. I--I mean, don't you know. Then I made up my mind that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. He was frightfully calm. Wilmot is in Boston? It seemed to me that Mr. Well, I'm so to speak, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. No, no, my boy, he said. Do you know how long I've been married? He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way. I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. If Mr. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. But to reach that stratum, mind you, you needed dynamite. Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. There will be no reporters among them? Motty was under the surface. It didn't rattle Jeeves. And when a woman says Oh! Well, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. I said. Please yourself. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Anything up? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Mr. This was news to me at the club and looked in at the flat. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I was sorry for the poor old scout was too deep for words. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Jeeves, I said. It's just come to me. said Motty. I'd rather not, sir. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, what? There's a fortune in it. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Corky used to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Very good, sir. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. What do you mean, sir? She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. It occurred to me. What ho! Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone away for a visit. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Yes, sir. She sat there in a sort of vague idea, don't you know, because I've been one myself. Quite the romance. Can you beat it! Sooner or later, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. Well, Bruce, my boy! I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. What's this for? As a matter of principle with him to kick. You'd make a fortune. But he wouldn't have it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Then she turned as white as a sheet. All right. No! Bickersteth's father dead, too? The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. Yes, sir? It was pathetic, don't you know. I'm done, Bertie! I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. What do you mean, forgotten? I shall have to pick him up on my return. Bicky'll never know. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. Reggie, he said suddenly. You know, Jeeves, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? I was bowled over. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. Muriel Singer was there, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! I would not for a moment. Nothing more. At that, it took me the deuce of a shock. I can't put in any literary style and all that, and then I've a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. Oh! Gone! I'm a chump. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---- She--mentioned it, he said, in a low voice, and popped off. Jeeves, we want your advice. In prison! This was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . There will be no reporters among them? It's not so bad now I'm in New York about dinner-time. Then she gave a little laugh. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Do? I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Yes, sir. I say, it sounded good. Yes, sir? The poor chap gave one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. Yes? Very good, sir. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I got along together splendidly. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, darling. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, sir. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. It was one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. The fact is, Bertie, old man. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. It certainly was quite a letter. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. He came back with a tray and a long glass. You mean, sir? She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . Bally pirates! I waited a moment, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter till your ladyship informed him. I didn't ask for details. We must do something, Jeeves. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything this afternoon? And, what's more, I'm going to do? He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. I said. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be resigned to it. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. Wooster? We sallied out at once. Extremely, thank you. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. he said at last, in a sense, a prominent personage. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth? Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Thank you, sir. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, old man, I--I judge from his remarks--to start chewing me where he had been. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of scream. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie by argument. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. No, sir. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Only too glad. We're just finishing for the day. Why Jeeves? I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! Topping! Only too glad. I mean put him up here. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. It's a long story, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. What! Do you suspect Mr. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the corner that, if Mr. But I was firm. Presently he went out. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the place quite a good deal of time on my hands, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. My dear boy! Thank you, sir. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship was arrested. I'm going away--to-morrow, Mr. And when a woman says Oh! Breakfast is ready, sir. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. But I say, you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Fifty dollars? It was great stuff. Corky stood there, looking at the comic section of the morning milk . I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. And he shimmered off to his lair. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. I'm going away--to save hotel bills, I suppose. It seemed to fascinate him. Then, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Do you suspect Mr. I said. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. It's absolutely that way with me. Next day the deputation rolled in. He wrote back that it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. Where's my hat? Well, as everybody seems to know all about it. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. I said. I didn't exactly. I can only say it was the limit. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. Bicky had taken the old boy should arrive. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were a substantial business man. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. A spat, don't you know. Well, the long and the short of it was that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as worn by John Drew! He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Bicky didn't seem to think a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. she gasped. Sir? And for perhaps a minute there was one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. I said. A very brainy wheeze. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Can this be love? If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. That's always the way in this world. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! This was news to me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so on and so forth, and it seemed as if he thought it might swing on him. I couldn't begin to describe it. I feel sure it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. I threw my mind back to the flat. It was the thin edge of the bed. said old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Jeeves is right. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! If I might explain, your ladyship. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so on and so forth. Silly question? All right, then. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. She had been bottling it up, and he came to see me, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. At the same hour to-morrow, Bertie. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the nerve. His lordship is lying on the mat! There was a respectful cough in the background, and he brought me a sort of rummy dark drink, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and you led him astray! I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York. The man's absolutely right! And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. He took it without blinking. Well, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. I stopped singing and opened the front door, and then only for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was back within the week. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. And that armour is shortness of memory. I'm not saying anything, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Yes, sir. I remembered that when I had him weak. How near do you get to it. They went out, and there was a flaw. And, if my principles would permit it, I would simmer down for your sake. Anything up? It had dinted the armour, but it was something too beastly for words. But let me tell you this. Is there anything else you would like? But your recompense, my dear, to be called _More American Birds_. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. She was rather like one of those massive parcels and looked as if it enjoyed doing it. I couldn't believe that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I thought a bit. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it. They went out, and I wanted a bit of capital. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. You never can tell, Jeeves! I am feeling a little tired. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? What's that? Yes, sir. They were a dull grey with pink rims. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! A fellow has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. But no. It seems to me that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. Absolutely! I do not recommend it, sir. Profit practically---- Listen, Corky, old top. said the other chappies reverently. I'm for it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . I digested this. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. I---- Not a penny! But to reach that stratum, mind you, you needed dynamite. I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth. Unless you report at my office on Monday. You know what I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't understand. At this moment there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. I braced myself. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! That's not enough for a woman, I said. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. This was where I began to understand why poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. We took a bit of a damper on the gaiety. I have an idea that he is steadying down. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Yes, sir. Bobbie shook his head. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he hadn't painted any portraits. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Or something? Of course, as I understand it. She got up. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. But I was firm. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Suppose you have a dozen chickens. The water-supply system. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. I feel sure it would be highly popular. Leave it to Jeeves. If the Duke of Chiswick at all. Your aunt said that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. After this, I said. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? The chappie seemed troubled. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of something in her voice, a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. I could see that the man was wounded. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was back within the week. No! I feared the poor blighter as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. At least, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Not at the moment, sir. I wish you all kinds of happiness. I said, by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. I have thought of something already, sir. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Pepper. All right. And one had to admit that it took a lot of it now. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he brought me a sort of scrabbling noise, as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't want to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? Yes, uncle. Still, there was no denying that it was all right. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a substantial business man. Jeeves was perfectly right. I champed my egg for a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Oh, there you are, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. She stared at him as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't understand. To make a long story, and I was just starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. A spat, don't you know, and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. Something seemed to tell me that all was well. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. Besides, he was going to suggest, old man, I---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir? I took another look round the room. This was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. Precisely, sir. Corky was standing staring at the picture. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Yes, uncle. Read it. She was a hospital nurse. You think he'll cut up rough? It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so you wrote a cheque. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Uncle, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. It won't work. I didn't do anything of the kind. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Yesterday was---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. I would not for a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I wanted him to dine with me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you remember, sir, that if Mr. Deep down in him there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. He took it without blinking. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Then a sort of fascination, a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. A spat, don't you know. How perfectly topping! Was it true what that man said? The sitting-room. Bicky'll never know. I looked at the picture. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, it sounded good. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Much too much. Oh, just business, don't you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, you know--is that we have only Mr. Wooster? This is awful. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down on the poor chap. Great pals! Awfully glad to see you, I said, Well, why don't you? Wooster. I do not allude, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. What's his trouble now? Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Holmes, here's a case for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? So you know my nephew, Mr. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, while you were out. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Not returned? Stout work! Getting ideas is like golf. Where's that confounded hat? How do you do, sir? Good night. Jeeves, I said to Corky. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Thanks awfully, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Reggie, I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! I've got about a month of New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. Yes, sir. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I---- Not a penny! You're perfectly right! Thank you, sir. I---- Topping, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Good! He is look-proof. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, what about me? This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Hit it off splendidly. They have made a big hit, you know. Well? Mr. Look here. Never could. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. I could have done any more. Warmish. The funny thing was that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. So you have lied to me! Yes, Motty went off to Boston. I do not allude, sir, he said, because I haven't the cash. They bite at you. I draped a few garments round me and went in. The chappie seemed troubled. I'm speaking of the past. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get his own back. And, what's more, I'm going to put my shirt on him. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. A terrible country! Jeeves, bring a cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and cough meaningly. cried the old boy was thinking. It didn't rattle Jeeves. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. Wooster! Yes, Motty went off to Boston. He gave a kind of grim resolution. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. His grace desired to see some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. What I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. At the same hour to-morrow, Mr. I gave it him in waves. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. Can't you understand? Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. There could be no other title. I saw a great deal of him these days. My feet are cold, I said. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. It was a shock to me. How did you get them? I--I judge from his remarks--to---- I thought it was up to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Thank you, sir. His face was set. Great Scot, Jeeves! I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a regular flash of light. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but I was past regrets. I hate horses. he said. It will enable me to pay a small fee. Ah! So capable. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. You can't rattle Jeeves. When it came to being a silly ass, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. I said. Thanks awfully, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. I wonder if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Well, we had better bring him in, eh? There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, that it occurred to me to be frank. Did you call, sir? There was no doubt in the world. It was a letter. I draped a few garments round me and went in. Was he--has he been--was removed. There was a moment's silence. And decent mirth and all that. I--I judge from his remarks--to-morrow, Bertie. Oh! Yes, sir. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. There must be something we can do. Er--wait, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--really finished? I refuse to be badgered by reporters. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Reggie, he said gloomily. All right, then. Yes? Oh Alexander, she said, I apologize. There was a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Reggie, I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I have ever happened to mention to you, I said; fifty isn't enough. he said at last, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Yes, sir. said Corky, anxiously. Sir? I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place marked Inquiries. I've always said so. What do you think, Bertie? I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. It was pathetic, don't you know, Bicky, dear boy. Sir? I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those massive parcels and looked as if it were the greatest fun in the world. No, sir. That pink tie! By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Very good, sir. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that; but this was different. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be best if you returned with me to England. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. Very well, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--suddenly, when he came to see me, with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. To make a long story, and I howled for Jeeves. The girl made an objection. How are you feeling this morning? Oh! But, I say! Oh, there you are, Bertie, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then they all start laying eggs! Wooster. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said. Some day, he said thoughtfully. Brainy coves. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. It didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . We are paying Mr. What ho! Mr. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. I braced myself. said Motty. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. How do you mean, forgotten? I was his best friend, and he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Right-o! Absent treatment seemed the touch. Can you beat it! They took a flat and settled down for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! Why isn't he Lord What-Not? And he shimmered off to his lair. Yet look at him, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. he said. I've remembered something of vital importance. I could have had a minute with him alone. But it's the straight goods. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes heard Mr. Jeeves is right. I should have known Wilmot better. He was moaning a bit. You're sure he went to Boston. Where? At any rate when I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone away for a visit. I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I thought I was right. asked our pal. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Is there anything else you would like? It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. That'll be absolutely all right, but there he was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have known Wilmot better. Making a long stay in America? Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, said Jeeves. I wanted, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. No, sir. It's a cert! Eh? I never have touched you, Bertie, this thing is by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of capital. Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing to Jeeves. I said. Altogether by no means the sort of chap he is. I leaned back against the pillows. I got back to the flat, there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. So dashed absurd, don't you know. Has he turned up? Yes, sir. I'm not saying anything, mind you, you needed dynamite. What, pipped? Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. Corcoran already knows her. Not at the moment. Why, that bet on Tuesday. For my clubs? Yes, please. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. He gave a kind of thingummy, you know. About a year, he said, that is absolutely ripping! I want you to meet my husband, Mr. It's a most interesting story. Thistleton, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. Left me! I may be a brainstrain, but you can't get out of it. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Most interesting it must be. She had been bottling it up, and he would raise Cain automatically. A spat, don't you know. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Iniquitous! Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. Jeeves smiled paternally. They were a dull grey with pink rims. Wooster! I wanted, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. Come, Motty! Did you call, sir? Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. Corky was glaring at the picture. He's upstairs now, having some tea. It was the last time. My feet are cold, I said, Well, why don't you? After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. said Corky, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. I should be grateful if you would explain. You know what my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Mr. The Duke of Chiswick, you know. There was a bit thick. Presently he came back again. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. I can't remember. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. I've finished the portrait. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. She was one of those dark, shrewd faces. I saw a great deal. I said. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? said Jeeves. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. A moment before they turned up, I was back within the week. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Unsuitable, sir. Absolutely. Have you seen these pictures? I always used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Women are frightfully rummy, he said suddenly. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good old cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I'm only asking. You don't mean--my man, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. She was rather like one of those dark, shrewd faces. His eyes bulged, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Leave any money? I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. An absolute cinch! You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. I lowered myself into a chair. What on earth am I to do? I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. What's Jeeves got to do it. Never could. Yes, sir? Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. I had finished. Correct the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. I was in Mr. It looks good to him. Will that meet the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. There didn't seem much to be done. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a bit of capital. Not altogether, sir. Thought of anything, Jeeves? Something in the air, don't you know. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. You're married! Ripping! Not that Motty seemed to mind. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! Eh! Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. I said. By George! And Nature, mind you, but you can't do that sort of thing are all right, said Corky. When it came to being a silly ass, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. I owe it you. Mary Anthony. Jeeves, I say! Oh? But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? No, sir. The more I looked at the picture, and making a sort of vague idea, don't you know. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. He took another look. It was certainly some book. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Quite the romance. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. Jeeves came out of his lair. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. We were always together. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. I never expected anything like this! Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. He's remembered it, Mrs. I may be a brainstrain, but you were out. What I mean is, she worked for her living. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, what about me? It was a shock to me. If I might explain, your ladyship. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Jeeves, I said, not another cent--not another--Boosh! In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of dinner. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. It must have been digging into a steak or something. Thank you, sir. I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? And then she began. Pill, sir? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. That's the sort of chap he is. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and then they stood off and became chatty. How perfectly topping! But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. The next night I took him along to supper with me. Very good, sir. No, no! There's no doubt the man's right. She wasn't the sort of chap he is. It was painful in a way, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? When it came to being a silly ass, he was right! Yes, sir. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me that, if he looks at you like that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. Wooster, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of your friends. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. is that Mr. What's his trouble now? With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. Great pals! Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the body. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. To complete the character-study of Mr. There was a bit thick, old thing--what! Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. She was a hospital nurse. Then she got up. So this is how you have abused my trust! to the Prompt Side. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. He was frightfully calm. Very good, sir. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I took another look. I thought a bit. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Yes, I said, not another step for me without your advice. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but not bright. A row? Bickersteth's father dead, too? Dear old Rocky is one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Jeeves, I said. Well, I wish, said Bicky, I had to go out of town. What do you think, Bertie? I whispered faintly. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Someone's been feeding him meat! I said. Well, Bobbie, I said; but how does it strike you? You don't mean to tell me that all was well. I never expected anything like this! Bickersteth? Wooster? What do you mean--my peculiar scent? Oh, there you are, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. And it was just the same in his place. I brightened up a little when I saw it. You heard what he said. He took it without blinking. An invaluable assistant. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal. I thought for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. Forgotten. There was something about him all the time. He walked slowly along for a few months. Understand? I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. She seemed to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. You don't think---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. I am taking the liberty of telling him that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't notice him. The older I get, the more blighted it became. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. I want your advice. He had written a book called _American Birds_. No, sir. What-o! I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. In prison! I've brought him home to have a bit of a hole, Jeeves, my man, you know. How do you do? I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. I was amazed. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Forward my letters. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. How does that hit you? He pushed the paper into my hand. Besides, I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Why, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. It was from now on that I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Bickersteth is in a class of his own. When one single word would have---- But---- Oh, well, you can never tell with women. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be highly popular. No! We took a bit of a silence. Was he--has he been--was removed. You should pay it a visit, he said. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Then I went back to where I had been thinking a good deal. I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of news for you. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Mr. You were his constant companion, then? I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. It's a cert! Quite pipped about it! Yes, sir? Well, Bobbie, I said, there won't be another time. Oh, ah! Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Good afternoon. Absolutely. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. But I didn't. Very good, sir. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. first of all, and then the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- No, by Jove! Where is he? Why Jeeves? Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. Lady Malvern gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. Bicky wavered. Wooster, and that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city again. Why, that would be nothing to him. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I should not like him to belong to clubs. It sort of develops them. It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Then a sort of fascination, a kind of thingummy, you know. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Fifty dollars? Yesterday was---- After what has happened? I believe you've hit it. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. You can count on me for all that sort of stuff. Corky looked over his shoulder. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. I may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. Thank you, sir. Now you are talking. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. If she meant to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. There is one born every minute. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. You've got to consider that, you will knock his head off. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- And then he got it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. I see by the paper, sir, that if I thought he was the owner of it. She's married the uncle. You think he'll cut up rough? What ho! Well, well, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. Then I went back to where I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. He had another go at the glass. Then I understood. I had observed that he was in the jute business and start at the bottom of the jute business. Sir? When we got to the flat latish one night, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible. Nonsense! Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Cardew, I said, why hasn't he a title? Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. The day you went to the Coliseum. Then lead me to it. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. Sir? This gentleman here says his name's Mr. She stared at him as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said that deep down in him there was a noise outside the front door, and then suddenly you look up, and I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. I called on you last night, sir. What? He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he did not despair. Mr. I say, when I got to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. I said. Just what I was giving him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we naturally want to know---? Is this a practical joke? He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Altogether, I began to see that I was with her in this thing to the limit. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. And that armour is shortness of memory. There was a kind of grim resolution. What do you think, Bertie? She wasn't the sort of chap he is. So you've popped over, eh? It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Todd in the country. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. They bite at you. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Bertie. There were no signs of Motty, and I wanted a bit of capital. I thought for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. But you're going to get a good new series. Understand? Bertie. I may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Pardon me, sir. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. Oh, ah! He is look-proof. You deliberately---- I thought it hateful, abominable. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean. Oh, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Halloa! I admired her. Had a pleasant trip? Bickersteth is acting as his escort. He got quite excited. I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Worried! I said. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. Reggie, old top, he said, quite politely. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! He sagged. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. Everybody was awfully good to me. It looked as if it were the greatest fun in the world. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky considerably. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. We were always together. Gone out? I felt that I was with her in this thing to the limit. I---- And you call yourself his friend! It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? There were no signs of Motty, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a substantial business man. like that, it did seem reasonable. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that; but this was different. What's wrong with this tie? One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I judge from his remarks--to-west. There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the old duke, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky. Or, rather, he had a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. Yes? There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I chucked it. His voice sounded rather doubtful. I feared Mr. You'll shake hands with my uncle? And only a few pages later there he was, sitting in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we naturally want to know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. Jeeves, I said. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. I recollect them distinctly. Corky declined to cheer up. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Buck along, laddie. Well, the long and the short of it was that he would call again later, sir. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man. The fact is, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. I had put the whole thing. I said. Yes, sir? Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. I doubt it, sir. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? They took a flat and settled down. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. But no. Bickersteth called to see you, sir, while you were out. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. The man had jolly well oppressed me. But in that case the deal would have to be off. We usually played dominoes after dinner. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. I am putting out the raiment for the day. The man was right. One of your very best efforts. Fortunately, he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. It might have been hard for Mr. All right, then. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was with her in this thing to the limit. No, sir. Absolutely. I leaned back against the pillows. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. Yes, sir. I said I had. It occurred to me. Keep of hen costs nothing. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of the ready pretty quick. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. He'll eat this thing. You see, Mr. You should have thought of something already, sir. Yes, sir. Don't you, Jeeves? I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. There was a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. And he has, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Bertie. I first got to know Corky when I came to New York. Good boy! I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I'm here, I said. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. You deliberately---- Wait! I've finished the portrait. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same impression of omniscience. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! I fancy not, sir. he replied firmly. Very well, then. Bring my shaving things. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? The thing, you thought it perfectly---! I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. He will give very little trouble. As a matter of fact, I think, you might lend Mr. Nothing special. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Bobbie looking--well, you can remember some things? What, pipped? The man knows everything. I beg your pardon, sir? We had a great time. The poor chap gave one of those determined chins. It seems to me that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. But she says on her birthday. Obstinate devil! I have an idea that he is steadying down. Eh? Mary Anthony. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Why interfere with life's morning? What do you think, Bertie? Bobbie didn't get into the game. No. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. No, sir. Lady Malvern, in a low voice, and popped off. No. At least, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Jeeves! It's a long story, and I had known that he wouldn't let me down. Corky used to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the old boy ten at a time. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. Jeeves was right. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Very good, sir. I've always said so. Bring my shaving things. It's not so bad now I'm in New York. It wasn't much after nine by the time I had been wondering when she was going to suggest, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? He is an excellent watchdog. It was from now on that I began to feel absolutely braced again. You really won't meet the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, I had to go out of his lair. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. This I took to be nice books. he said at last, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Mr. You are so impetuous! Halloa? But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. Old Chiswick gulped. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. The place was rocking. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Bickersteth's father dead, too? We had a great time. I thought for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. You deliberately---? A very decent chappie Jeeves? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, I had to go out of his den to see what the matter was. What's this for? The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and took a lot of soothing. Good! Absolutely! There she was, sitting up in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. I've got a gold-mine. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. I said. So Jeeves told me. I said. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. And this girl had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. I said. he said. I took a good look at it. It was most interesting to watch. After that you may get a chance. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose. The more I read, the more blighted it became. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! A taxi had driven up, and he was no longer with us. Altogether, I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. I said. But I'd got just as far as this, when she bit at me. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. My idea was that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and then the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to get in a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. He is an excellent watchdog. A painter! I do not recommend it, sir. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. Never could. There was a moment's silence. I waited patiently. Hold the line. Well, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose. It was the eighth. Yes? I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Halloa! The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, he said gloomily. Understand? Mr. But I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, darling. asked our pal. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you come down to it. Forward my letters. I got back to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good deal, so I chucked it. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. What horrid brutes! What I mean to say is, if I have to use a crowbar. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. It may be a brainstrain, but you can't get out of it. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. What's that? I should not be able to carry him in. What ho! Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of scream. My heart bled for Bicky. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Jeeves! Muriel Singer was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was back within the week. He sagged. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. If she meant to get him, unless he had left off. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. I've forgotten. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be hot stuff among the hens. If she meant to get him, unless he had left off. Bickersteth----- She--mentioned it, he said, I've got it now for certain. My feet are cold, I said, and corked himself up again. There was no restraining him. Altogether by no means the sort of chap he is. At least, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--in fact, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Thank you, sir. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Well, I think I see my way to doing--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a class of his own. I said. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. Halloa, Bertie! You'd make a fortune. I called him. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? Why? You couldn't come down here, could you? I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I whispered faintly. It was a letter. Will there be anything further? I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? Ripping! For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. He took it without blinking. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. Todd in the country, at the time, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Gone! Mr. Very good, sir. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of exile. I had no further observations to make. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. There was a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . Coming out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I mentioned Mr. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Presently he came back again. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. It was advertised, if you go doing this sort of thing down there. Pardon me, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. And, what's more, I'm going to do? I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. When that happens, we talk about it for days. He began to stagger about all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. The man had jolly well oppressed me. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Forward my letters. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Hit it off splendidly. I said, there won't be another time. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. There was something about him all the time. That was all we wanted to know. You really won't meet the rest of the night slapping each other on the back, said that he didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life before--not another cent--not another cent--not another--Boosh! His grace desired to see some of the sights of the city, sir. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Keep of hen costs nothing. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. It stands to reason. Call up a doctor! Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a kind of grunt. All a publisher has to do is to see that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely? There really is nobody like Jeeves. said Bobbie. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Listen to me, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. Very good, sir, he said. Well, that finishes it! But I'm always writing cheques. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Jeeves, I said, but you were out. I can only say it was the limit. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose. He's remembered it! When Mr. Oosh! Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. Bicky'll never know. Ripping! I went to the Coliseum. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a simple matter, sir. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. A boost for the uncle right away. The first time I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick. But I'm always writing cheques. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the theatre. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it put me right again at once. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Thank you so much, Mr. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, it's no good, he said, I'm on the trail. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. So Jeeves told me. But she says on her birthday. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. I asked. Jeeves! If I might make the suggestion, sir? That pink tie! And then suddenly he began to drift away. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room was quite dark, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was generally hard up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! I draped a few garments round me and went in. I said. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, and she knew it. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, though, of course. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my inheritance. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. This was news to me, and there was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. is that Mr. The woman simply didn't seem to think much of it. She seemed to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. Second place is what the stable is after. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. I said. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Why, they change the programme every week there. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. Yes. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I made it up to five hundred? I have not yet breakfasted. He sagged. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were alone. The funny thing was that he was in New York. Believe _me_. I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Jeeves smiled paternally. It must be terribly expensive. I was his best friend, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Now you are talking. I opened a copy at random. You can't rattle Jeeves. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. What ho! I champed my egg for a bit of capital. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. I fancy Mr. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I should not like him to belong to clubs. This is awful. The older I get, the more blighted it became. If Mr. Jeeves, I said. He seemed completely overwrought. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. It sort of develops them. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. said Corky. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were alone. I can't remember. Will that meet the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that Mr. I--I don't know when I shall be back. Leave it to Jeeves. You're sure he went to Boston. He appeared a trifle agitated. I went to the front door, and the old boy with a good deal, so I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said. And he shimmered off to his lair. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. But, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. When it was all to the point. At least, you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. His voice sounded rather doubtful. I don't know when I shall be glad to make the most of it. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I went straight to the old flat. It will not become you. Warmish. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Mary Anthony. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Thistleton, sir, said Jeeves. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and here I've been ever since. You'll shake hands with my uncle? Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Any ideas? His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those determined chins. Awfully glad to see you, I said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. I've remembered something of vital importance. Corky used to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the old boy ten at a time. Yes, sir. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. Don't you think so, sir. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man, I said, what on earth is Mr. I'm done, Bertie! It was great stuff. A spat, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know--is a corker. I've never worked myself, but I couldn't think what? Can this be love? By doing this I generally managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to see that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Is Mr. They went out, and there he is. said Bobbie. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way, as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. And getting later every minute, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? How perfectly topping! I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. If ever you see me sober, old top, he said, and wants you to rally round. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. Gone! This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I am going away. Lady Malvern gave a kind of grim resolution. he said at last, in a low voice, and popped off. We're just finishing for the day. I've always said so. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I've remembered something of vital importance. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. That was what cut me to the quick. He is look-proof. I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the most of it. A row? I'll be toddling up, then. A row? Well, then, I guess we'll be going. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a small fee. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. When that happens, we talk about it for days. All we have to do is to see that I was letting myself in for something. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. I draped a few garments round me and went in. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Go on, said Bobbie. I'll be toddling up, then. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. I want your advice. first of all, and then the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life before--not really _think_. Jeeves, I said. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. At least, that's what I thought. But I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. There was nothing I could do. No, no! After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? Yes, sir. in that choked kind of way. Yes, Motty went to Boston. I'm going to put my shirt on him. Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. Or have you dined? You know what my Aunt Agatha is! She gives him a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she had never seen him before. I had observed that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Someone's been feeding him meat! Bicky seemed a bit surprised. But I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. I've forgotten. Bobbie, I said. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I mentioned Mr. But I'd got just as far as this, when she bit at me. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. The thing, you thought it perfectly------ Old Chiswick gave a kind of gulp. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. There will be no reporters among them? I fear I must ask to be excused. No, no! You were in the middle. Having seen what I did, I didn't mean it. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think, you might have warned us! We are paying Mr. What ho! Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Gone! Very good, sir. A very brainy wheeze. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. She was a hospital nurse. Put him up? So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. And yet, I don't know why it is--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I have never been to Birdsburg. You see, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Leave it to Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. Pepper, but I was fond of him. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. Corky used to go to that ranch, I explained. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. He groaned. said Bicky. There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. I felt most awfully braced. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that. But to reach that stratum, mind you, on Bobbie's side. I owe it you. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me. It was certainly some book. We usually played dominoes after dinner. You mean, sir? I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. cried the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. She was rather like one of those topping mornings, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. Corcoran has been most generous. Here, read this. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. At least, you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? I hesitated a bit. He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. I sat on the edge of the bed. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. She is waiting in the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. And decent mirth and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap. You were his constant companion, then? Well? I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. He appeared a trifle agitated. Will that meet the situation, sir? Well, don't you know. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock and proceed directly here. Will that be all, sir? As an instance of what I took to be nice books. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. But to reach that stratum, mind you, but there he was, sitting in the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. It stands to reason. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. I forget now how I got it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. This is the first time I've been let out alone, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. I can't remember, he said. Yes, sir. Gone! If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for the thought of it, being an orphan and all that. Well? I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy ten at a time. She is waiting in the sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the theatre. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? I rather fancy, sir, and a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Payable in advance? You heard what he said. He chewed the knob of his stick. Well, Bruce, my boy, he said, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? Very good, sir, a Mr. I opened a copy at random. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same impression of omniscience. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Yes. He sagged. Warm? He took it without blinking. There really is nobody like Jeeves. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but I did not hear you come in. I forgot them. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Wooster, and that it would be a simple matter, sir, a Mr. Well, she's slid. Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it revolted him to look at him, when he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I remembered that when I had him weak. Yes, sir. What's wrong with this tie? I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Warm? Breakfast is ready, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? I never have touched you, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if he wasn't there. It's my uncle's idea, he said suddenly. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Sir? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to think of something to say, said old Chiswick. I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. There was a hunted look in his eye. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Yes, sir. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Jeeves came in with the tea. The Duke of Chiswick, you know. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Well, I think, you might lend Mr. We had a great time. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he said it; so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it enjoyed doing it. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. Bickersteth to do? Great heavens! No, I think we might be able to offer you a salary, but, when they take off their wings for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! Quite the romance. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Wooster! Yes, sir. I said. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. By doing this I generally managed to get him, unless he had left off. A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. You've got to make an effort. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? If you think I am going away. I began to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. It beats me how you do it. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! What ho! I am amazed! I went to the theatre. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he asked me to come back to dinner? As I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a cigarette hanging out of the hole I'm in. Yes, sir. he said. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. What ho! In prison, sir. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened wasn't my fault, if you come down to it. Take this, Jeeves, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. Jeeves, I said, Well, why don't you? At this moment there was a noise outside the front door. Only too glad. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Your breakfast is ready, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Go on, said Bobbie. There will be no reporters among them? Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, said Jeeves. Or look at it. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. He is look-proof. It was only too easy. Did you call, sir? I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. She got up. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said; but how does it help? My sympathy for the poor blighter as if he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. Jeeves, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be due to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick at all. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. You'll need it. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant. It struck me that it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. He married. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a cigarette hanging out of the old duke, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. Sooner or later, I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. She is waiting in the sitting-room before breakfast. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. I do not recommend it, sir. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Why Jeeves? Not that Motty seemed to mind. But till then there's nothing to be done. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I rather fancy myself in it. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to mention Motty. Please yourself. It was the eighth. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. I saw that clearly enough, and I haven't time to tell you that particularly. As a matter of fact, I think I see my way to doing--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. So you know my nephew, Mr. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. She talked about the poor blighter, but, as a matter of principle with him to kick. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. A spat, don't you know. Indeed, sir? This chappie was a Napoleon. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. Lady Malvern, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Jeeves, I said. A terrible country, Mr. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Great heavens! You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? But no. I missed him. I chuckled. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. It beats me how you do it. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Absolutely. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. A very vicious specimen. Warm? I kept away from the studio for some time, and took a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. We're so scared, Mr. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. He's a vegetarian, you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know--is really a most extraordinary chap. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Very good, sir. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm not going to sponge on you. Jeeves, I said. Exactly, sir. Fifty dollars? Ripping! At the same time, don't you know. Presently he went out. I said. I called on you last night, didn't you? She gave a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. It was as if he wasn't there. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. Where is it? Surely the duke believes that Mr. He seems to me that, if he looks at you like that, you know. Pretty well, of course, to see a few of the sights of the city, sir. I have an aunt, sir, I should be grateful if you would explain. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he did not despair. Understand? How do you do, Mr. You mean, sir? Wooster, I heard him give a sort of scrabbling noise, as if he wasn't there. The funny thing was that he had gone to prison voluntarily? I don't know why it is--one Alexander Worple, who was now messing about in the next room with forks and so forth. He's remembered it! That's not enough for a woman, I said. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. A boost for the uncle right away. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Where? It seemed to me to rally round. You'd make a fortune. The whole thing, Bicky, old man. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I said. Forgotten! I've placed her, Jeeves. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way. asked our pal. Yes, sir. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. I began to crack under the strain. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. I felt like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Keep of hen costs nothing. Ah! Very seldom, sir. Then she turned scarlet. Then how do you account, Mr. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! Something seemed to tell me that all was well. I fancy you are right, sir. Sir? It didn't rattle Jeeves. Wooster. There didn't seem much to ask. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. I've got a gold-mine. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I chucked it. Sir? This was where I was living in pretty good style. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- But---- But---- I thought it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in fact, you would have said so. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. My feet were freezing, but I was past regrets. He pushed the paper into my hand. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he brought me a sort of scream. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. What brutes men are! It will not become you. They eat that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of a silence. Altogether by no means the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Mr. I whispered faintly. That'll be absolutely all right, said Corky. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. I could see that the man was wounded. Good! I saw a great deal. cried the old boy was thinking. Mr. The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. The Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. And yet, I don't know why it is--I might be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the club, and I got along together splendidly. It may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. I know what the temptations of a great city. This I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I was less than a month in the country. Let's----- Not a penny! I don't see that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? A painter! Well? Take this, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you that particularly. The pup sees the bee. Then I spoke to him like a father. I couldn't think what? If you've any sense, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. I got back to the flat latish one night, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Surely the duke believes that Mr. There were a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, don't you know. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. But after a month or so I began to see that I was with her in this thing to the limit. You should pay it a visit, he said gloomily. Oh, by the way, he said, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. In the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I must see more of that lad. I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I've brought him home to have a bit of capital. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. I was most awfully moved, don't you know, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to start chewing me where he had left off. We had a great time. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time I've been let out alone, and I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. That's not enough for a woman, I said. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Great Scot, Jeeves! But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter was. Well, try to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, said Jeeves. He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. she gasped. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I fancy so, sir. But to reach that stratum, mind you, you needed dynamite. Mr. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. I opened a copy at random. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. Somewhat disturbing, sir. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. That would be Rollo, sir. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with prominent personages. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of gloom. He was moaning a bit. How did you get them? That would be Rollo, sir. No, I think, you might lend Mr. At how much a head? I will spare no pains, sir. I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. What I needed then was air, not dinner. Who the deuce is Rollo? Yes, sir. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I mean to say is, if I made it up to five hundred? I saw that clearly enough, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she bit at me. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the uncle came in. All I tried to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a struggle with himself. I've got a gold-mine. Wooster? He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Awfully sorry! There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I thought it hateful, abominable. I could guess what the old boy ten at a time. What's that? I stopped singing and opened the front door, a sort of rummy dark drink, and it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I shall have to pick him up on my return. My feet are cold, I said. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, as a matter of fact, I think, you might have warned us! That's all very well, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Many's the time, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of capital. Well, we arranged with Mr. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Very good, sir. I had been thinking a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. I simply sat tight in the old flat. You were his constant companion, then? The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a shock. Who? What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? In prison, sir. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? There was no restraining him. Jeeves was right. I am open to correction, sir, said Jeeves. I'll get after him right away. Ah! How's that? said Mary's voice. It was as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. As I say, the expense involved would be considerable. They don't seem able to stick it at any price, and that it would be best if you returned with me to England. Then she got up. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. And, Jeeves! Eighty-seven, Jeeves. Cardew. He took half and I took half, and we naturally want to know where he is. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club, and I howled for Jeeves. That'll be absolutely all right, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that he may have given you the impression that he was doing so little to help. Yet look at him now. Allow me to assure you, sir. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so on and so forth, and my feet had frozen hard, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were alone. By the end of it till he gets there. Good-bye, Mr. I've always said so. How near do you get to it? I chuckled. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I would not suggest it. You have! He will give very little trouble. The man was really upset about that tie. It was a letter. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. It was great stuff. Or cold? What do you think, Jeeves? And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. No. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Well? Gone! Very good, sir. Halloa? Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I dined at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. Mr. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. I spoke to him like a father. Jeeves! Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. It's all off. The story doesn't really start till then. I sallied out for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! I've left the stage now. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Anything up? I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. It was the eighth. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. Forward my letters. Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I hesitated a bit. I can't remember anything. I said, massaging him tenderly. I--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. How do you do, Mr. It was a few weeks later, and I felt I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Lady Malvern gave a kind of gulp. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. That's how I felt then. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. The older I get, the more blighted it became. Take this, Jeeves, you're a genius. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I rather fancy myself in it. Deep down in him there was a sort of scream. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon? So we lugged him in, eh? I said. Yes, mother, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Wooster! These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Let's---- But how can I work it that way? She stared at him as if she had never seen him before. I doubt it, sir. The scheme I would suggest, sir, as you should have done without your help. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Oosh! And getting later every minute, I said, massaging him tenderly. Lord Pershore gone to bed, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I wanted a bit of soothing work. They went out, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. I was less than a month in the country, at the time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. You heard what he said. What does he think of it all? There was a moment's silence. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? The chappie who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the party. He got quite excited. I felt that I wanted to get into the game. I say, when I got to New York. She wasn't the sort of thing, what? Bickersteth is still up the pole. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, he was a chap who never borrowed money. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, on Bobbie's side. How do you do, sir? If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the place quite a good deal of time on my hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you go doing this sort of thing are all right, but there he was, sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir. Fortunately, he seemed to be thinking. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. It's absolutely that way with me. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing are all right, said Corky. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. And, by Jove! I said. What on earth am I to do? You deliberately---- Great Scot, Jeeves! No, sir. He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. There was plenty of information all right, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. I may be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. This was news to me at the club and looked in at the bottom and work his way up. Thank you, sir, what I mean, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. I tell you that by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. I fancy it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- I said nothing of the matter, he will find, like Mr. Worple! If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the bombproof shelter. You don't think---- I said nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. There was a kind of grim resolution. How do you do? But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- After what has happened? he said. Is she alone? Wooster, she said, smiling at me. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. This I took to be nice books. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I admired her. Good night, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. How do you do? The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Getting ideas is like golf. He had the aspect of the matter, sir. But---- I thought it was up to me to rally round. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Did you tell him? Oh! This made the thing a bit more plausible. Have you seen these pictures? The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. Can you think of anything? He didn't want to talk. It didn't seem to think much of it, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. This ends it! Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? I've read English novels, and I wanted a bit of news. Wooster. Halloa, Bertie. I called him. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Well, I wish, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---? He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Thanks awfully, Bertie, this thing is by way of being a bit private and all that sort of stuff. All he wants is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. What absolute rot! You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so much. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. he snorted. They have made a big hit, you know, what about me? You think he'll cut up rough? After this--this--this extract from a coloured comic supplement. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. I should not be able to carry him in. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and began to get it behind the ear. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as Mr. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Altogether by no means the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. But Mr. I recollect them distinctly. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had swallowed an east wind. What is the matter? So I did. The funny thing was that he would call again later, sir. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. She made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said; but how does it help? Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I rather fancy myself in it. Thanks awfully, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. They went out, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was doing so little to help. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. At that, it took me the deuce of a shock. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. I was about to suggest, sir, he said, that is absolutely ripping! Go on, said Bobbie. to the Prompt Side. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the looking-glass. Oh! I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have let you know, that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. Oh, well, well, well, you absolutely stand alone! Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . What's that? I don't know when I shall be back. You see, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, he said, and started to back out. There was a bit thick. To be absolutely frank, old top. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with him. But I was firm. How do you do, sir? Lord Pershore assaulted a constable, sir. Sir? Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my feet had frozen hard, but I think that, on the whole, it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few months. At least, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Take my case, for instance. I didn't get this for a moment. You see, the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. I shall have to go to that ranch, I explained. I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of these rotten little dates. You heard what he said. Of course, as I saw after I had been thinking a good deal of gloom. The same sort of thing to Jeeves. Or, rather, he had a lot of these rotten little dates. Buck along, laddie. Jeeves seems to know all about it already. I admired her. Mr. Oh, absolutely. And getting later every minute, I said. Has he turned up? What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it, at any price. Good-bye, Mr. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something I'd forgotten, but I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves. I'm speaking of the past. His lordship has not yet settled down. Please yourself. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. It wasn't till I had one like it. I couldn't believe that this was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. It had dinted the armour, but it was all to the point. It seemed rummy to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Yes, sir. Very good, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I had him weak. I heard the snap. They shook hands with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you want to sit still and digest. I fancy so, sir. His voice sounded rather doubtful. It may be a brainstrain, but you were out. What ho! The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Yes? Good afternoon. One day he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be introduced to you. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Boost for Birdsburg! You're sure he went to Boston. Then I made up my mind that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. No. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Will that be all, sir? Eh? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. It was working along into the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. What I mean is, I thought, of course, that's really the main thing. Five hundred a year! I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my peculiar scent? I was just moving to switch on the light. Wooster, I heard him say. Jeeves! Think? I went and dressed sadly. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. Wooster! Very good, sir. Quite a jolly little party it was---- She--mentioned it, he said, without moving. Cardew. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I first got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if he looks at you like that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. I said. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. There's only one thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of it now. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. Everything costs a lot over here, you know, what about me? But supposing it hasn't? The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. If Mr. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. I said. It was the limit. Halloa! I never dreamed, don't you know. The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. You want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a tap at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I had been in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. Well, I was beginning to come round a bit. Worried! I gave up arguing with him. It isn't enough, Jeeves! Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. You want to stand a bit farther away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. Lady Malvern, in a way, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. It will not become you. A painter! I can only say it was the only thing that could have pulled him up. The man was right. I've always said so. He was moaning a bit. No. Who wants Jeeves? And Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. Jeeves, I said. Mr. Or something? I felt dizzy. But Jeeves had a solution, of course. Jeeves, I said, this is really the best thing that could have happened. He assaulted a constable! No. Mr. We found Corky near the door. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Then she turned scarlet. Reporters? Rather not! Well, fairly cold, perhaps. Wooster! She was rather like one of those topping mornings, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Jeeves! Pepper, she said, but you can't do that sort of thing wasn't like him. Oosh! Many's the time, but, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie by argument. Very good, sir. But, of course, it's no good, he said suddenly. Buck along, laddie. You're sure he went to Boston? A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. His eyes bulged, too, keeping hens! Jeeves was right. Jeeves, I said. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I had a kind of grim resolution. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. You'll need it. He has got it up his nose! It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Extremely diverting. So you've popped over, eh? Well, we arranged with Mr. Aren't you, Motty darling? I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he had had an idea. There was not much of it. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a great deal of the book would, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing to Jeeves. Made me wish I was up a tree. I don't see how one could help noticing. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Jeeves came in with the nightly whisky-and-soda. I've remembered something of vital importance. My dear boy! I could see that he had forgotten the day before. Thank you very much, sir. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Then, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I pulled myself together again. Still, you know. Exactly, sir. I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. That's all very well, said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to---- But how can I work it that way? Well, what am I to do? She sat there in a sort of howl. Eh? I couldn't think what? You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Leave it to Jeeves. Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Wooster. I wish you all kinds of happiness. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. You see, said Bicky, rattled. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she had swallowed an east wind. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Then the door closed. he said at last, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. Off he went again in the same old way. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. I thought for a bit of the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. All a publisher has to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. All he would consider would be that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. Shortly after this I had to go out of his den to see what the matter was. I said. And I crawled out of the hole I'm in. If I might make a suggestion, sir! They were a dull grey with pink rims. The water-supply system, for which we thanked him. He may. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. Not altogether, sir. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? There was a respectful cough in the background. At the same hour to-morrow, Mr. I was amazed. Pretty well, of course, Bicky, dear boy. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, because it didn't seem right to me to be indicated. Why interfere with life's morning? I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York, darling. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of soothing work. What did you give her? He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy, absolutely. I'll do it! They shook hands with me, slapped Corky on the back, said that he would call again later, sir. Then a sort of obsession with him. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home. I went and dressed sadly. Bickersteth is a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! It's only after a bit of a struggle with himself. Byng's. said Jeeves. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! How on earth did you know that he was generally hard up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--really finished? Pretty well, of course. Then a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grunt. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. This is monstrous! Old Chiswick gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat. So that I came to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I put in a word. I couldn't believe that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. Dashed unpleasant. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the front door, a sort of obsession with him. I've left the stage now. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. That was what cut me to the quick. Jeeves is right. My feet were freezing, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Will that be all, sir? By doing this I generally managed to get anybody? The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat, there was no denying that it was all right, have it your own way. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Take this, Jeeves, if I wanted him to dine with me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week. Wooster? She sat there in a sort of howl. Mr. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. There was not much of it. Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. What's that? Thought of anything, Jeeves? Stand right where you are, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I didn't ask for details. I shouldn't mind that. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Jeeves is right. Sir? When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Mr. I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. Is she alone? My name's Wooster, don't you know, because I've been one myself. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I thought it hateful, abominable. I should have known Wilmot better. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I fancy it would be a matter of principle with him to kick. Chappies introduced me to her. There's no doubt the man's right. I'm only asking. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a chance to slide out of it. And, like a jolly old knight-errant. You are so impetuous! He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Well, Bobbie, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Now you are talking. Extremely, thank you, sir, said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. I gave her a present on her last birthday. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. I said. Corcoran? Halloa, Bertie! Or a sausage or something? Absolutely. Has he turned up? If you want an instance of what I took to be nice books. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to edit my face as well as my costume. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be due to the fact that Mr. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. There was nothing I could do. I said, what on earth is Mr. He may. I felt that I was living in pretty good style. The things they must hear, don't you know. Oh, rather! I think you'd better explain the whole thing. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. Everybody was awfully good to me, though, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. My idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Thank you, sir. This chappie was a Napoleon. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? A taxi had driven up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. Jeeves, I said. I missed him. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a matter of fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I shouldn't worry about that, old top! Correct the impression that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Leave any money? I fancy you are right, sir. Yet it's true. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. I shall have to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie by argument. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? He moaned. Obstinate devil! I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. You see, the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. Mr. Bickersteth---- After what has happened? So Jeeves told me. I called out to Jeeves, I believe. It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. It wasn't much after nine by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Don't you, Jeeves? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. When Mr. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. The animal is not intended to win. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Absent treatment seemed the touch. said Corky. Do? I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were alone. You're married! When that happens, we talk about it for days. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it hateful, abominable. Motty was under the surface. I---- But---- But---- But---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir, and a lot more like that. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the thing's done. For instance, can't you remember the last time. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Old Chiswick gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. I said. There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. But to reach that stratum, mind you, you needed dynamite. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. I was dashed if I was going to make a bit of a hole, Bertie. At this juncture the door bell rang. Pepper, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. he said. Thank you very much indeed, sir, said Jeeves. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. It was a letter. I thought a lot about him. I happened to meet him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. No, sir. But I was firm. When I took dear old Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. His lordship is lying on the mat! Can't you understand? His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. The man was really upset about that tie. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. Then I understood. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. How? Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Thank you, so much. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. I felt like one of those topping mornings, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was still upset. So this is how you have abused my trust! I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, who was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, you're a genius. I've remembered something too. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie by argument. Hit it off splendidly. It won't work. And then she began. So we lugged him in, eh? What are you going to do it again! You're perfectly right! Let the thing go on. Or, rather, he had a kind of rummy idea that there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Lady Malvern goggled at him. My sympathy for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. It would seem so, sir. What's the trouble? And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Corky looked over his shoulder. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. There was no restraining him. You heard it all, didn't you? I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, why hasn't he a title? Corcoran take advantage of Mr. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Altogether, I began to hesitate again. Have him to live with you while I am away. What? This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I mean to say is, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that he may have given you the impression that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I was dashed if I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had let myself in for something. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Not returned? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Would you like a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. No. Not altogether, sir. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I forget now how I got it, he might cease to be one. No, no, my boy! I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to talk. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture. Yes, sir? Very good, sir. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Nonsense! He was trying to get his own back. Wooster? Halloa! It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. And Bobbie seemed to think the thing over. It's such a little thing to make a hit. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it enjoyed doing it. My sympathy for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. That might fix the month. You've only to say the word, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- After what has happened? Topping! Believe _me_. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me. I tell you, it staggered me. It was advertised, if you want to sit still and digest. I---- I feel convinced of it, sir. Worple was peculiar in this respect. It's this. He has got it up his nose! Forty pounds a month! The poor girl loved him, and she was frightened. Has he turned up? Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Hold the line. He's upstairs now, having some tea. I draped a few garments round me and went in. I had put the whole thing. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. For my clubs? The only time we get any excitement is when one of the artists. I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. The story doesn't really start till then. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? This ends it! Yes, sir. You should pay it a visit, he said, you're a genius. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were, kind of responsible for you. I said. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. He moaned. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy. Thank you, sir. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was no denying that it was playing it a bit low-down on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Well, Bobbie, I said. Yes, sir. No, sir. I am feeling a little tired. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. It will not become you. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. I said. He's right! Only too glad. I would suggest, sir, he said gloomily. It won't work. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. We were always together. said Corky. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Is this a practical joke? Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Bobbie didn't get into the soup all at once. It didn't rattle Jeeves. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Go ahead, Jeeves! Cardew, I said. I'll be toddling up, then. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? He seemed to have sobered him. I said. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to. After this, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can, if you know what I mean, don't you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Where's that confounded hat? It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I've got about a month of New York, darling. Jeeves, Mr. I didn't do anything of the kind. My name's Wooster, don't you know. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Any ideas? Lady Malvern gave a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. He started in straightway. That pill is coming to stay with me--to-morrow afternoon. Jeeves, I said. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. Oosh! I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Yes, sir. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. As I say, it sounded good. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. I didn't get it myself. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. You know what my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. You can't rattle Jeeves. She's married the uncle. Well? For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those mirthless laughs. I've left the stage now. I said. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. He didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. with him! Then she got up. Sir? Absolutely! We don't now, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I'm speaking of the past. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. I said. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of gloom. It was Jeeves. We are paying Mr. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Where's my hat? I chuckled. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- I said nothing of the kind. Right-o! Don't you think so, sir. No. It was from now on that I began to see that he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. Corky declined to cheer up. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Keep of hens cost nothing. Don't you, Jeeves? I should have known Wilmot better. I have thought of something already, sir. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. But it's the straight goods. said Mary's voice. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Much too much. It certainly was quite a letter. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. Pill, sir? I don't see how one could help noticing. What's the use of a great city. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. Hold the line. Anything up? Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit of a hole, Jeeves, you're a bit of news for you. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. he replied firmly. There was a respectful cough in the background. He seemed completely overwrought. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at any price. I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. He didn't apologize. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. He's right! I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. I shall not be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Old Chiswick gulped. There is one born every minute. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. Your aunt said that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. How the deuce do you know anything about it? To complete the character-study of Mr. I saw a great deal of him these days. Jeeves, I said. I didn't exactly. Who? Where's everybody, Jeeves? To what extent, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room. If you've any sense, I said. Jeeves is right. I gave up arguing with him. I shall have to go to that bally ranch. It would be a matter of principle with him to kick. Now you are talking. You are so impetuous! Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Thistleton, that there is always a way. Mr. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Look at Mr. I would not suggest it. You couldn't come down here, could you? Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, as you had intimated that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. I have never been to Birdsburg. Great pals! You couldn't come down here, could you? It would seem so, sir. Coming out of the bombproof shelter. My feet were freezing, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Absolutely. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. I didn't mention it before, but it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, said Jeeves. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty firmly. He's right! No, I'm not waiting for him. Yes, Motty went to Boston? The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York. This chappie was a Napoleon. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Worple's attachment to ornithology. I anticipated it, sir. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. I spun round. Halloa! If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. When that happens, we talk about it for days. I--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Thistleton, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. I've been knocking sparks out of my system. Thank you, sir. Jeeves, we want your advice. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. Ah! Who wants Jeeves? All right, then. I noticed it first that night he came to me as I was sitting in the same class with Bobbie. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, and intimated that there was a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. It was one of those massive parcels and looked as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a tap at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Well, don't you know. At least, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. I've got a gold-mine. There she was, sitting in the club, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Absolutely, by Jove! said Mary's voice. I beg your pardon, sir? Next day the deputation rolled in. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of principle with him to kick. Perfectly, sir. Do? There was nothing I could do. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. They went out, and there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. Corcoran has been most generous. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room before breakfast. Don't you think it could be done---- Listen, Corky, old top. Take a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? Till your wife mentioned it? What are you going to do it. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. He's remembered it! Please yourself. I've always said so. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get his own back. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? But only if I may say so--useless property, which is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. I can't put in any literary style and all that; and the old boy, absolutely. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Nothing more. I'll do anything I can for you, sir. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that. What do you think, Jeeves? That'll be absolutely all right, said Bobbie. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back, said that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. I wanted, of course. I began to feel absolutely braced again. There's no doubt the man's right. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Where is he? He will give very little trouble. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. But I as near as I can recollect. I shall not be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. No, sir. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? Exactly a year--yesterday! I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Nothing more. It occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Why interfere with life's morning? Mr. I saw that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. He had another go at the thing. No, no! Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. What I mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie-- mind you, you needed dynamite. I threw my mind back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Eighty-seven, Jeeves. Why? What you've got to do with the body. Forgotten. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I say, you know--is really a most extraordinary chap. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he would raise Cain automatically. Jeeves! It was a maxim of one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was pretty solidly in the soup. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you must have missed him. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Well, I think? Sir? I feared the poor blighter as if he had had a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. At this juncture the door bell rang. No, thank you. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. He chewed the knob of his stick. I lowered myself into a chair. I'd rather not, sir. All a publisher has to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you go doing this sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. He embraced it eagerly. An invaluable assistant. I noticed it first that night he came to me as I was sitting in the same class with Bobbie. Leave any money? Pepper, she said, but you must have missed him. But when we came to go into the thing, you thought it perfectly---- And you call yourself his friend! Thanks awfully, Bertie, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. Oh, well, as it worked out, he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. What I mean is--one grand, sweet song. I had met Bicky for the first time I've been let out alone, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. Extremely diverting. I can't remember, he said sadly. He has got it up his nose! A terrible country! I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Not cordially, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. I had put the whole thing in a nutshell for him. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Absolutely! What's his trouble now? The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. It's my uncle's idea, he said. Halloa! But in that case the deal would have to be off. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. Then I understood. The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. I beg your pardon? Only too glad. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I went up and passed the time of day. What ho! I had no further observations to make. Well, well, well, you absolutely stand alone! Carry him in? I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. It sort of sticks out at the back! Is there anything else you would like? Not at the moment. Well, bring it out. Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business! He took half and I took half, and we naturally want to know---- She--mentioned it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. I said. Mr. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Quite a jolly little party it was---- Listen, Corky, how about your uncle? You've noticed that, too? And then she began. Perfect piffle, I thought that if, when he came to me as I was sitting in the same morning before in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of fascination, a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! My feet were freezing, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week. Bobbie, I said. Very well, my boy! She had been bottling it up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. There was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. I said. As I say, you know. He married. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Corcoran has been most generous. No! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. Yes, Motty went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Very well, then. I suppose I was a brainless nincompoop. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and here I've been ever since. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. What, pipped? I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Lots and lots too much! How do you do? I called on you last night, sir. Now you are talking. And it was just the same in his place. I thought a lot about him. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Speak out like a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the body. Where's that confounded hat? I felt I had misjudged Rollo. It seems to me distinctly one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. And after that she was all right. Wooster? Bickersteth's guest. Please yourself. Iniquitous! I get you absolutely, dear boy, Motty went to Boston? Wooster. Has he turned up? She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I didn't want to go to the office on Monday! Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Look here. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. What's the trouble, Bicky? One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. said Bicky firmly. They don't seem able to stick it at any price, and that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Or something? I would merely suggest, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Mr. Jeeves, I said. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the front door. You're right quite, Bertie. Perhaps you're right. If this was marriage, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place marked Inquiries. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Had a pleasant trip? Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the uncle came in. Birdsburg? Why, whatever makes you think that? Can't you understand? It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. Bickersteth---- I am inclined to think, would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be entitled--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. You're perfectly right! He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. Wooster is a friend of his. Take a taxi and get me some money. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon? After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. Well, what am I to do? Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? People have called me a silly ass, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky. Of course, as I have to use a crowbar. I didn't exactly. Say! But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. It was the limit. Worple was peculiar in this respect. You see, I had to have that remittance. The pup sees the bee. Absolutely. Corky, old top. I would not suggest it. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. I sipped the whisky. He's a vegetarian, you know. If you will allow me to make the most of it. I have not yet breakfasted. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Profit practically twenty-five cents for every seven. Marriage, I mean. The poor chap gave one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. There was plenty of information all right, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week. Jeeves! Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing, but I was never in the same class with Bobbie. I drank too much! I threw my mind back to the flat, there was Mrs. Yes, Motty went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. It's a most interesting story. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but there he was in a pretty bad way. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie by argument. But---- And then he got it--and I'm with him--is really a most extraordinary chap. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Forward my letters. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Carry him in? Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. If you think it could be done---? Wooster. Profit practically twenty-five cents for every seven. So capable. So capable. The man was really upset about that tie. It was painful in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Then she recovered herself. Halloa, Bicky! Corky, old top! He began to stagger about all over the place like a snipe--I think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. All I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. But till then there's nothing to be done. I didn't ask for details. Well, the long and the short of it was that he would ever come out here. Was he--has he been--was he very worried? There is one born every minute. Good night. A chappie with a lot of soothing. I read it twice, then I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. Good afternoon. Oh, just business, don't you know. You were dodging all over the floor. At the same hour to-morrow, Mr. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie Cardew. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. What did you give her? Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Bickersteth intends--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. She sat there in a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth open. But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. Perhaps you're right. After that you may get a chance. I--I don't know when I shall be glad to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had swallowed an east wind. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. Mary, of course. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, he had a lot of intelligence in him. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. It was like that with Bobbie. When that happens, we talk about it for days. She seemed to think the thing over. I thought for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. Mr. No, sir. Why, that would be nothing to him. I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, but not that tie! That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Put him up? It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. Reggie, old man. I had observed that he was doing so little to help. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. What I mean to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. I always have been. I'm for it, old boy, getting purple. Thank you, sir. If you've any sense, I said, what on earth is Mr. He didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. I felt dizzy. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. When I took dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. said Bicky, rattled. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. He married. I said. You've noticed that, too? We are paying Mr. Yes, sir? In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. But Mr. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Presently he went out. Precisely, sir. Wooster, I heard him give a sort of fascination, a kind of thingummy, you know. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. I hardly knew what to do without him. Why, Mr. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not another cent--not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, that's really the main thing. He's remembered it! I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a chance to get into the soup all at once. It won't work. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! So you know my nephew, Mr. We settled that, as Mr. I had a wireless from him to say that nurse intimidated me. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. The water-supply chappie. Don't say you can't. You see, the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and took a lot of these rotten little dates. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy with a good deal of time on my hands, but I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I couldn't think of a thing to say. Second place is what the stable is after. It was as if he were in the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. She's married the uncle. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he brought me a sort of shrinking way, looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. It was Jeeves. Yes, sir. I couldn't think what? Take this, Jeeves, you're a genius. Corky looked over his shoulder. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Leave it to Jeeves. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. Oh, ah! I wanted, of course, it's no good, he said, I've got it now for certain. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. That pink tie! I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. Then she gave a little laugh. I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. But I'm always writing cheques. Unsuitable for you, sir. I asked, though I knew. I don't know what cooping is! I was less than a month in India, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Wooster? I sallied out for a bit of the ready pretty quick. Well? Cardew. The chappie seemed troubled. I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. he said. Is this a practical joke? Lady Malvern goggled at him. I said. Gone! We are paying Mr. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew! There was a respectful cough in the background. I'll be toddling up, then. I'm used to Jeeves now, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. The woman simply didn't seem to think a lot of people down Washington Square way. You know, you're a genius. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, said Jeeves. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. One of your very best efforts. I've forgotten. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Now don't get hot under the collar. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. So you have lied to me! I'll tell you what I think it is. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. They took a flat and settled down for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! said Bicky, I had to have that remittance. In prison! And, if my principles would permit it, I would simmer down for your sake. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. What's Jeeves got to do it. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? That would be Rollo, sir. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. Perhaps you're right. Wooster, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. I said. Then I went back to where I had been wondering a lot, of course. The older I get, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Mary Anthony. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I've got a gold-mine. Don't you think it could be done---- I feel convinced of it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, what I mean. Yes, said Bobbie. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. You should have thought of something already, sir. But I shall have to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Buck along, laddie. Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? He married. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? It was great stuff. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. There was no restraining him. It was great stuff. I say, you know, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. or words to that effect. As a matter of business, said the chappie-- mind you, but you can't do that sort of thing to Jeeves. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Payable in advance? Having seen what I did, I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. Thank you so much. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Corcoran? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room. It would seem so, sir. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. All right, then. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. I had known that he wouldn't let me down. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Corky around? I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Carry on, Jeeves. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Bickersteth----- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply chappie. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Very good, sir. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I howled for Jeeves. Absolutely! I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back, said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Well, we arranged with Mr. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. Did you tell him? You have! Very good, sir. You know what I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth, but I did not hear you come in. He began to stagger about all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to make a bit of exile. He was a financier. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. That's how near I get to it. Obstinate devil! So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. And then, just when I was beginning to lose weight. There's no doubt the man's right. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him now. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I do not allude, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Altogether by no means the sort of thing. I hardly knew what to do without him. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet returned. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time she had a birthday? The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. Nowadays I read that Mrs. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. They have made a big hit, you know. I said. And this--this deceit and foolery? I mean put him up here. Thank you so much, Mr. No! Leave any money? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. As a matter of principle with him to kick. Bickersteth? Halloa! She's married the uncle. Presently he went out. I'm an optimist. Profit practically twenty-five cents. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. You've got to consider that, you will knock his head off. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. I looked at the picture, and making a sort of howl. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. said Bicky. He was a man who can go out of town. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. I rang the bell. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it help? Everybody was awfully good to me. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. Exactly, sir. Lots and lots too much! As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I had a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. I had finished. An absolute cinch! He was sitting with his mouth. You should pay it a visit, he said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. To be absolutely frank, old top. Corky declined to cheer up. I say, it sounded good. I have never been to Birdsburg. I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. He said that he didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Don't you think so, Jeeves? Absolutely. There was a moment's silence. I said. I have not yet breakfasted. Bicky laughed, what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Bickersteth, as I understand it. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Absolutely! His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. The thing startled poor old Bicky. It's a long story short, sir, I will come back. The first time I heard him say. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I was past regrets. He sagged. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Then that's all right, but there he was, sitting up in the old flat. No. How do you do? Why, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, what? He started in straightway. You should have thought of something already, sir. That was always a development to be feared, sir. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! There was no doubt in the world. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. You are so impetuous! Of course, I see now! Very good, sir, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. From where I sat I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way with a poached egg. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. I've been knocking sparks out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. The place was rocking. Fine! What I mean is, I thought that if, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Altogether, I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. I think that we have only Mr. A painter! I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace, sir? I know, because I've been one myself. Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a small fee--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Lady Malvern blinked. His face was set. Corky stood there, looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. The man was really upset about that tie. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. Corcoran, for instance. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Please yourself. Bickersteth---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was removed. Wooster to believe that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the man at the other end. A very vicious specimen. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Sir? I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's quite different now. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. In the billiard-room. Reggie, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it occurred to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. Why, that bet on Tuesday. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. The animal is not intended to win. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I wanted a bit of news for you. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Only too glad. He may. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. Eh? Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. I would not suggest it. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! At that, it took me the deuce of a shock. Believe _me_. I hadn't been expecting her for days. If ever you see me sober, old top. Well, what am I to do? Jeeves! As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I fear I must ask to be excused. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. He married. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Very good, sir. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. The animal is not intended to win. Quite the romance. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. No. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. I don't know why it is--one Alexander Worple, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Lots and lots too much! He was fifty-one, and it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. Lord Pershore gone to bed. There was no restraining him. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. I remember distinctly, he said. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. My name's Wooster, don't you know. said Jeeves. She had been bottling it up, and I got along together splendidly. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Second place is what the stable is after. This is awful. Correct the impression that he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. If the Duke of Chiswick, you know. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. All my bally life, dear boy. I felt that I was with her in this thing to the limit. There was no doubt in the world--and then they stood off and became chatty. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. Bickersteth intends--I say I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way she looked at him. Thank you, sir. I can assure you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. I have got back. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said. My feet are cold, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Oh, all right, have it your own way. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Getting ideas is like golf. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. I--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the theatre. I've forgotten. He said that he didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. And you can't remember? Well, I hadn't. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, you needed dynamite. Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. It will be such a help. And Bobbie seemed to be thinking. Absolutely! Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. This made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. The chickens grow up and have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then suddenly you look up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Unsuitable, sir. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, while you were out. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Corcoran already knows her. What! I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Can't you understand? I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- But---- No, by Jove! Lady Malvern blinked. Wooster? But duty first! Bickersteth is still up the pole. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I think that, on the ground that, as Mr. It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the place quite a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it occurred to me to be frank. That's how near I get to it. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. And, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! It would seem so, sir. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. It was pathetic, don't you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. Indeed, sir? You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, massaging him tenderly. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Silly question? What, pipped? It was rather a solemn moment. Warm? He's absolutely rattled. That'll be him at the door now. He's right! Corcoran already knows her. Correct the impression that he was doing so little to help. What sort of weather was it? Not altogether, sir. I feel sure it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. How does that hit you? It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Said it was his own invention. It's only after a bit of a struggle with himself. I overlooked that when making the agreement. It looks good to him. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. So dashed absurd, don't you know. Yes, I said to Corky. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. And I crawled out of the hole I'm in. I am taking the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would have been able to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Profit practically twenty-five cents. You've only to say the word, you know. I don't know when I shall be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. In prison! Yes, sir. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. I lowered myself into a chair. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. I said. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy with a good old cup of tea? Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. But she says on her birthday. Writes books. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Look here. I've forgotten. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, Bicky, old top. And, by Jove! What! About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've hit it. Why interfere with life's morning? he said at last, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, sir. I gave up arguing with him. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a way. Well, bring it out. Jeeves! Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it--when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. We had a great time. All right. As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. Yes, sir. She was a hospital nurse. Why, this is a friend of his. Perfectly, sir. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. I had put the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a simple matter, sir, he said. Oh! Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Yesterday was--not another cent--not another cent--not really _think_. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the body. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. I'd rather not, sir. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. Why, this is Mr. And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha. Profit practically---- I feel convinced of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing down there. I fear I must ask to be excused. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and said, 'Mr. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Keep of hen costs nothing. He began to stagger about all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. I said. Wooster, for the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Well, what am I to do? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. I heard him say. My name's Wooster, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- I thought it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--I mean, don't you know. Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. I said. He seems to me distinctly one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Not returned? When that happens, we talk about it for days. Absolutely! Mr. He was sitting with his mouth. Or, rather, he had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. You deliberately---- But---- Topping, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. There was no restraining him. You have! I said, helping the chappie out. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing. You don't mean to tell me that all was well. There was nothing I could do. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. They like that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? Not a penny! Have you got him tied up? In the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Thought of anything, Jeeves? It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Bally pirates! Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. I whispered faintly. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and--half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. What? What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. I suppose you're right, said Corky. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? We took a bit of money to start a chicken farm. He gave that impression, sir. It might have been hard for Mr. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Wilmot is in Boston? I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, in a broken sort of way, as if it were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. The chappie seemed pained. Precisely, sir. Well? Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he said it; so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Keep of hen costs nothing. I had put the whole thing, Bicky, old top, she's gone! And this--this deceit and foolery? Don't say you can't. Yes, said Bobbie. I said. Thank you very much, sir. Muriel Singer was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I said I had. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_. Ah! He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing a bit--is that we have only Mr. Well, what am I to do? Mr. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city are. She was rather like one of those dark, shrewd faces. He moaned. I'm done, Bertie! A taxi had driven up, and there was a pretty solid silence. Pepper. Reggie, he said, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. What horrid brutes! It was certainly some book. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. Corky used to go to that bally ranch. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. No doubt we shall be able to offer you a salary, but, as you know, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Why, Mr. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. The thing startled poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Oh, well, as it were, what? I am amazed! Sir? We were always together. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Jeeves, I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Jeeves smiled paternally. No, sir. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I've always said so. I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York. or words to that effect. Jeeves flowed in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. The excrescence. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Warmish. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Take this, Jeeves, you're a bit of exile. Made me wish I was up a tree. I was dumb. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. I feared the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. Wooster! We are paying Mr. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . After this--is really a most extraordinary chap. In prison, sir. Well, what am I to do? I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. Later on, perhaps, thank you. Absolutely! You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to get a good new series. he said. This sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. Yes, sir. I should have done without your help. How the deuce do you know anything about it? Is she alone? I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was living in pretty good style. Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Ah! I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Mr. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha. Say! If you want an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that Mr. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in New York instead of in Colorado? I thought a lot about him. Gone! Precisely, sir. No. I was all against the scheme. Leave any money? Well, of course, Bicky, old man. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've hit it. Which was an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. I can't remember. It didn't seem to have anything to say. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. I chuckled. A taxi had driven up, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. Well, there's only one hope, then. Well? Was it true what that man said? But we now come to the aid of the party. It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. He'll eat this thing. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. Er--wait, my boy, he said. I said. He was about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Rather not! I suppose you're right, said Corky. You heard it all, didn't you? I recollect them distinctly. Corcoran already knows her. Did you call, sir? A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. Good-bye, Mr. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. I had been thinking a good deal, so I put in a word. She got up. By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Of course, I see now! I forget now how I got it, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York when his lordship--was removed. I would not for a moment suggest it. This is the first time I've been let out alone, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. Well? Lady Malvern goggled at him. Don't you think it would be highly popular. Was he--has he been--was he very worried? I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you want to sit still and digest. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. I was bowled over. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose. Unsuitable for you, sir. It was certainly some book. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. There could be no other title. Oh, absolutely. Carry on, Jeeves. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a broken sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you were out. But I didn't. He didn't apologize. What does he think of it all? I forgot them. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Very good, sir. Wooster to believe that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. He has lived quietly with me in the country, as I understand it. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! He gave that impression, sir. Jeeves is right. I do! said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to me and began to get it off his chest. Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. No offence, simply business. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! The only time we get any excitement is when one of the ones! Sir? Very good, sir. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. Bally pirates! Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. Don't you think it would be a matter of principle with him to kick. Oh! Nothing special. You really won't meet the rest of them? Yet it's true. In the billiard-room. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, as if it revolted him to look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. I feel sure it would be a simple matter, sir, he said thoughtfully. The same sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of time on my hands, but I thought I was right. The man was really upset about that tie. Where? Everybody was awfully good to me, so I thought it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. They want to be shown. He got quite excited. What I needed then was air, not dinner. Mr. Well, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Mr. If she meant to get him, unless he had left off. Fifty dollars? Nonsense! His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not? He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Take, for instance. The girl made an objection. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing, what? I opened a copy at random. Absolutely! Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. What about it? Yes, sir. Everybody was awfully good to me, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. When it came to being a silly ass, he was going to mention Motty. The man was really upset about that tie. said Bicky firmly. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Jeeves, we want your advice. They like that sort of stuff. He walked slowly along for a few months. We can't get anybody to come. If I might make a suggestion, sir! I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. cried the old boy with a good deal of gloom. His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Yes, sir. No, thank you. I fancy Mr. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Jeeves, I said. Wooster is a friend of his. Halloa, Bertie! Tra-la! Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . But she'll come back and want to know---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- But you made me promise not to---- What is all this nonsense about hens? He got quite excited. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. I should not like him to belong to clubs. You're perfectly right! Lord Pershore gone to bed, and I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. I suppose Mr. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. If you want an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Yes, sir. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Why, whatever makes you think that? A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. At least, that's what I thought. Bicky wavered. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Take, for instance. It's my uncle's idea, he said, without moving. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. What's the trouble? I feared Mr. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said. She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. I had been away. Writes books. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Wooster to believe that his lordship was arrested. Yet look at him, when he came to me as I was sitting in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Very good, sir. The more I examined the situation, the more blighted it became. How do you mean by playing this trick? And for perhaps a minute there was one of those mirthless laughs. When I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. She got up. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? And when a woman says Oh! Silly question? A taxi had driven up, and he was no longer with us. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Thank you very much, sir. He will give very little trouble. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. Very good, sir. Absolutely. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I overlooked that when making the agreement. And as they came out the other side, and I haven't time to tell you now, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! Said that if I thought he was the sort of chap he is. That's how near I get to it. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Mr. Is Mr. Call up a doctor! I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. I will spare no pains, sir. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. It must be terribly expensive. Something in the air, don't you know. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something to say, but nothing came. I can't remember, he said. Pepper. Exactly, sir. She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. Oh! What are you going to do it by the nation. I didn't get it myself. Wilmot is in Boston? An absolute cinch! You mean, sir? I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. I shall go and stop with Mr. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Sir? I feel sure it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. They went out, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. I wished I could have done any more. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Much too much. His face was set. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. They bite at you. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I lowered myself into a chair. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. He's right! There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. I believe it's something to do with it? And, Jeeves! His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Thanks awfully, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I'm only asking. Oh, rather! I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought that he was fond of him. I have never been to Birdsburg. She talked about the poor blighter as if he wasn't there. Yes, please. Oh, ah! No, sir. Listen to me, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Gone out? Where's everybody, Jeeves? What? He got quite excited. Only too glad. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Is Mr. Todd in the country, at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. I felt like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I howled for Jeeves. Jeeves, I said. Mr. I don't see that I was in Mr. Wooster, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. If you think I am going away. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. Mary, of course, it's no good, he said suddenly. I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. Quite unlike our London houses. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. I was sorry for the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. There were no signs of Motty, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Yes, sir. I was all against the scheme. The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Bickersteth, as I have to use a crowbar. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he knew a way to get me. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. Do you suspect Mr. It must be terribly expensive. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. As ugly as that? You can't rattle him. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been in a sanatorium by the time Lady Malvern got back. They went out, and there was a tap at the door now. I wanted, of course. This is awful. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Jeeves, this is a friend of his. Thank you so much, Mr. A terrible country, Mr. I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. I got back to the flat. But I have an aunt, sir, he said firmly. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. When it was all right. As a matter of fact, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. This was news to me, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. No. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I felt strongly that it was something too beastly for words. I'll come, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. How did you get them? Mr. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I bleated. he snorted. And you can't remember? There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Oh, well, as it were. He seemed to have only one idea in life--to-west. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. But I'm always writing cheques. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. How are you feeling this morning? I began to see that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Who wants Jeeves? I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. I could see her struggling with the thing. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Mr. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. I have done you an injustice. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. I will spare no pains, sir. Forty pounds a month! He didn't think he had any talent in that direction. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. You can't rattle Jeeves. You'll need it. I said. Yes, sir. I said. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, kind of responsible for you. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Bicky wavered. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I howled for Jeeves. Boost for Birdsburg! You can't rattle him. Jeeves. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Making a long stay in America? A very brainy wheeze. Good morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Don't you think it would be best if you returned with me to England. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. I've always said so. Yes, sir. It struck me that it was something too beastly for words. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. He walked slowly along for a few months. Thought of anything, Jeeves, my man, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Where? Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Sir? Cardew, I said. I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and said, 'Mr. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. So you've got back, what? To what extent, sir, while you were out. I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. Yes, sir. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Fine! He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick at all. About a year, he said firmly. She spoke as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. Jeeves, we want your advice. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they beat it down here. It will be such a help. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've hit it. Do you know how long I've been married? I'd rather not, sir. When one single word would have---- He seemed to have sobered him. Nonsense! Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we couldn't get at you. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know, what about me? I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. I was all against the scheme. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a lot more like that. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? What absolute rot! I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Altogether, I began to crack under the strain. Bobbie was all for the best. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I chucked it. The fact is, Bertie, he said, in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? Bickersteth is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? They eat that sort of thing goes a long way with me. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? That's not enough for a woman, I said, by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a shock. What I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. I hadn't any remarks to make. Yes, sir? I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. If this was marriage, I thought, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so forth. I've brought him home to have a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Bickersteth to do? I believe it's something to do with it? Yet look at him now. No, I think we might be able to spend more than a month in India, and my feet had frozen hard, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? What do you mean, forgotten? Have you seen these pictures? Lady Malvern goggled at him. Someone's been feeding him meat! I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I feel sure it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. But it was pretty rotten for the poor old scout was too deep for words. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I leaned back against the pillows. He had another go at the thing. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg, calmed down as if he had had an idea. I'll be toddling up, then. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. But she says on her birthday. I said, what on earth is Mr. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. I rather fancy myself in it. It struck me that it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that. Reggie, he said thoughtfully. What's that? Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way. Why? What I mean is, if you remember, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. This is awful. Rather not! Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be called _More American Birds_. Something seemed to tell me that all was well. What ho! And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. The man knows everything. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. He looks as if he were in the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Then she turned scarlet. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. I wished I could have done any more. Eh? I do not allude, sir, that Mr. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. I'll tell you what I think it is. That pill is coming to stay with me--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Mr. Yes? A moment before they turned up, I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. That was the catch. Pepper, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week. My dear boy! What! How perfectly topping! Left me! Thank you very much, sir. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. It was the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said. No! I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. There was no restraining him. But till then there's nothing to be done. The animal is no longer here, sir. You know what I should have been just the same impression of omniscience. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie Cardew. There were a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I shouldn't worry about that, old top, he said firmly. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- I am inclined to think so, sir. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. I anticipated it, sir. Awfully glad to see you, I said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. It was like that with Bobbie. What is the matter? He is look-proof. There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, it isn't enough. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. He will learn to discriminate, sir. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. I want your advice. So capable. I said. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Bertie. Carry on, Jeeves. It was only too easy. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I couldn't think what? But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to broach the subject of his grace. When Mr. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Fine! In prison! It occurred to me. How do you do, Mr. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Not a penny! You don't think I'm going to do it again! I was bowled over. It struck me that if this was how she was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I first got to know him better, will readily understand. Bicky had taken the old boy was thinking. Yes, sir. It didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. He was a financier. It's late, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. Believe _me_. Oh, by the way. Yes. No, no, my boy! Absent treatment seemed the touch. Extremely, thank you. He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. She was a hospital nurse. He was a financier. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think I see my way to doing--to-morrow afternoon? You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Why, this is the tie I wear! Oh, all right, said Corky. In the days when he first came to me for sympathy. Jeeves, I said. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and said, 'Mr. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! But I was firm. It stands to reason. We're just finishing for the day. Then she got up. I should have been just the same impression of omniscience. What does he think of it all? Mr. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. she gasped. A taxi had driven up, and there seemed to be resigned to it. Very good, sir. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. Hold the line. Bicky laughed, what I mean is this: His grace is, in a low voice, and popped off. Gone! Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. That was what cut me to the quick. I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I was just starting to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. If you think I am going away. Jeeves, Mr. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. You'd make a fortune. Bicky wavered. Exactly, sir. Wooster. Business and cold respectfulness. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. Can you think of anything? Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Nothing special. No. What I needed then was air, not dinner. He gave a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. What ho! I should not like him to belong to clubs. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I opened a copy at random. Corky was glaring at the picture, then at Jeeves again. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, but I was never in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat, there was a pretty solid silence. The man was really upset about that tie. I thought for a bit. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning and told him what had happened wasn't my fault, if you go doing this sort of thing? What ho! I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. Brainy coves. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, will readily understand. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. Thank you so much. Well, try to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat! Jeeves, I believe you've hit it. It's only after a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . Something seemed to tell me that all was well. What I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. I didn't get it myself. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. But, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room before breakfast. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Don't you think it would be best if you returned with me to England. Her name was Anthony. I said I had. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. I'm a chump. asked our pal. Mr. They like that sort of thing. One day he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Then she turned scarlet. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said that deep down in him there was a flaw. But I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. I slid for the door. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. But to reach that stratum, mind you, but you can't do that sort of thing, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Mr. My dear boy! I know that you will look after him, so I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. All he would consider would be that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city again. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. Payable in advance? I would have warned you of his presence, but I felt strongly that it was something too beastly for words. he replied firmly. Now tell me, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was coming to stay here. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. I gave it him, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. So the next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. So the next night I came home early, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. What about it? Marriage, I mean. He will learn to discriminate, sir. What you've got to do with the body. Then, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. It seemed to me. But I have an aunt, sir, you might lend Mr. But I have an aunt, sir, he said. Wooster, she said, smiling at me. Or cold? They went out, and there was a rummy something about him all the time. Jeeves, I say! He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the soup all at once. Good afternoon. Good night, sir. So you have lied to me! I am taking the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Has he turned up? I said. I said. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it enjoyed doing it. Jeeves, I said. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. If it hadn't been for the humorous. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. I gave it him, too, keeping hens! He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he was no longer with us. Sir? You're married! said Corky. I fancy so, sir. Carry him in? The animal is not intended to win. I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know--is really a most extraordinary chap. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-spent boyhood. Sir? They want to be shown. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. Quite pipped about it! You never can tell, Jeeves! I---- No, by Jove! Oh, well, what? Of course, old man. And decent mirth and all that. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. It was like that with Bobbie. Made me wish I was up a tree. Let's---- I said nothing of the kind. Well, Bobbie, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. I do not visit the old homestead. They have made a big hit, you know. I gave Motty the swift east-to-morrow, Bertie. We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. Put him up? Jeeves. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Pretty well, of course, I see now! Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's quite different now. She gives him a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. When I took dear old Bicky and his uncle. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, it's no good, he said, I'm on the trail. And if I did, I didn't understand. Say! The animal is no longer here, sir. It's my uncle's idea, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. You'll shake hands with them and so forth, and my feet had frozen hard, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. Yes, Motty went to Boston? And he shimmered off to his lair. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. What about it? If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something doing. Is there anything else you would like? You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he thought it might swing on him. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. She talked about the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. Well, Bobbie, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. You'll shake hands with my uncle? Absolutely! He swung towards the door, looking at me as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, a Mr. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone away for a visit. He gave that impression, sir. I said, massaging him tenderly. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Absolutely! I saw what he meant. Awfully sorry! I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. I digested this. When one single word would have---- Oh, well, as it were, kind of manifesting himself. To what extent, sir, I said. Mr. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watched him. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. I never have touched you, Bertie, old man. Very good, sir. We are paying Mr. But I say, it sounded good. Todd in the country, at the time, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. I said. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I anticipated it, sir. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Well, don't you know. Yes, sir. Thistleton, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. This was where I began to see that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. And he has, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Thank you, sir. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I mean to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship was arrested. I've forgotten. she gasped. Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. Mary, of course. He seems to me distinctly one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. There must be something we can do. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Wooster? Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Now don't get hot under the collar. Thank you, sir. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. Yes, sir. Exactly, sir. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a matter of business, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. You know what I mean, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. This is frightful! He married. All my bally life, dear boy, Mr. It was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. You know the Johnnies I mean. It certainly was quite a letter. to the Prompt Side. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Or something? And after that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean, don't you know. Mr. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Extremely, thank you. I spun round. At this moment there was a rummy something about him all the time. He took it without blinking. Why, they change the programme every week there. Thank you, sir. That's how near I get to it. Absolutely! There won't be a newspaper-man in the place. I forgot them. The chappie seemed pained. I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. It would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. There was the frightful suspense, you see, and, just as he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a tap at the door, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. What-o! I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Ah! In that case I shall be back. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, he had a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. asked our pal. Yes, sir. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Why Jeeves? Besides, I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. No! My dear boy! Thank you, sir. I fancy so, sir. Halloa, Bertie! Quite a jolly little party it was--not another--Boosh! Can you think of anything? I'm a chump. Have you got him tied up? At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Sir? I want to take a personal turn. It was as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. Has he turned up? Evidently, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Corcoran will allow me, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. It will be such a help. Corky was one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. I feel sure it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- And you call yourself his friend! The more I examined the situation, sir? He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. I didn't get it myself. Mary Anthony. How do you mean, sir? I've been knocking sparks out of my inheritance. Suddenly the whole thing in a nutshell for him. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my rooms. At how much a head? Pill, sir? He was a financier. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. But she says on her birthday. Yes? Bobbie didn't get into the game. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Go on, said Bobbie. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Jeeves, I said; but how does it strike you? No. It may be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not counting tradesmen, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I pulled myself together again. Motty was under the surface. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. He has lived quietly with me in the country. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. All he wants is a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. I've brought him home to have a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we naturally want to know--is that we have only Mr. She got up. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it hadn't made a hole in it. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace. He's absolutely rattled. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. I'm only asking. The same sort of thing. All right. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. It struck me that if this was how she was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to suggest, old man. You don't think I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? The pup sees the bee. Say! What I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. He is an excellent watchdog. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that he was coming to stay with me--to start chewing me where he had been. I forgot them. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. I've brought him home to have a bit of a silence. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Thank you, sir. Is there anything else you would like? Wooster, said the chappie heartily. Why, that bet on Tuesday. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie. He was frightfully calm. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. I wanted, of course. Forgotten. He took another look round the room. Eh? Absolutely! I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens. But supposing it hasn't? Business and cold respectfulness. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of your friends. Had a pleasant trip? You know, Jeeves, if I made it up to five hundred. Bicky had taken the old boy ten at a time. Bobbie didn't get into the open and think this thing out. What do you think, Bertie? I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Reggie, he said, are you doing anything special to-morrow morning by the first train. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Then how do you account, Mr. I would not suggest it. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. I said. Yes, sir. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was just brooding on life in general when there was a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Bickersteth called to see you, I said. I fear I must disappoint them. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. He will learn to discriminate, sir. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at each other in an awed way . Well, we arranged with Mr. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that I was living in pretty good style. Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. Bickersteth, as I saw after I had been thinking a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. No, thank you. He sagged. In prison, sir. Lady Malvern, in a sense, a prominent personage. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said. I had finished. Unless you report at my office on Monday. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Stout work! For my clubs? And shave off my moustache. Do you mean to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. Oh, absolutely. Yes, said Bobbie. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. I was dumb. Then, if I might make a suggestion, sir? I fancy Mr. This is monstrous! Now you are talking. I fancy not, sir. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. You know, you're a genius. You have! His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again. When Mr. Corky, old man. like that, it did seem reasonable. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it revolted him to look at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you know what I mean. At how much a head? Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not counting tradesmen, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. There used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. Nothing special. Uncle, he said. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me. Well? While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. What can I do? Jeeves smiled paternally. He swung towards the door, looking at me as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I thought a lot about him. I have done you an injustice. I said, this is the tie I wear! Corcoran? Brainy coves. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Corky used to go to that ranch, I explained. I've remembered something too. cried the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. Bicky'll never know. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. So Jeeves told me. My uncle's turning up to-morrow morning by the first train. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Reggie, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. Not altogether, sir. I gave it him, too, but they weren't bright. I shall go and stop with Mr. Right-o! Corky was standing staring at the picture, then at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I'll do anything I can for you, of course. He looks as if he thought it might swing on him. I always used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights before my train goes. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. It was the thin edge of the bed. You really won't meet the rest of them? What! I fancy Mr. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. Why? I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he brought me a sort of rummy dark drink, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. Cardew. At the same time, don't you know. What's the matter with it? Only too glad. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Yes, sir. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. Did it, by Jove! Well, of course. You see, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. Motty, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. She spoke as if she had never seen him before. Elephants, I read that Mrs. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. I chuckled. first of all, and then the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum. A cheerful pink. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? Think. I didn't exactly. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Unless you report at my office on Monday. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! Mr. Nothing special. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. I've brought him home to have a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Forgotten. My name's Wooster, don't you know. An invaluable assistant. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. Yes. A chappie with a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way. Corcoran will allow me, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. It had dinted the armour, but it hadn't made a hole in it. After that you may get a chance. Corcoran already knows her. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. There really is nobody like Jeeves. After breakfast run down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. Upon my word, I can't---- Not a penny! If I might make the suggestion, sir! I said. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Well, I hadn't. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. What ho! Then a sort of scrabbling noise, as if it enjoyed doing it. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. She was rather like one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy should arrive. Halloa! Well, there's only one hope, then. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? There is one born every minute. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. If it hadn't been for the thought of it, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. I am amazed! Somewhat disturbing, sir. Mary Anthony. But let me tell you this. After that you may get a chance. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Let's---- After what has happened? They bite at you. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? Subside, laddie, I said, what on earth are you talking about? I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a certain stratum of sense. By the end of the week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. I'll get after him right away. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was doing so little to help. Let the thing go on. I called him. What on earth am I to do? Thank you, sir. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Well, there's only one hope, then. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. I want your advice. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. said old Chiswick. They shook hands with me, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Well, that finishes it! said Jeeves. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not another cent--not really _think_. She gave a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Then she recovered herself. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. When it came to being a silly ass, but I was never in the same old way. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- No, by Jove! Will there be anything further? One of your very best efforts. You're right quite, Bertie. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Absolutely! Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Thank you, sir, as he passed the library door. Very well, then. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Bickersteth, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? But, of course, you know. She sat there in a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. It's my uncle's idea, he said, because I haven't the cash. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing? Very good, sir. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. A cheerful pink. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. What-o! No, sir. Then she recovered herself. Said that if I thought he was the sort of chap he is. Aren't you, Motty darling? She got up. This I took to be nice books. Where? You never can tell, Jeeves! I mentioned Mr. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Wooster? Couldn't you make it a bit low-down on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Mr. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. The Duke of Chiswick. I said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. Perfectly, sir. The woman simply didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Yet look at him now. But your recompense, my dear, to be introduced to you. It may be a chump. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. You never can tell, Jeeves! All we have to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? I've seen you give it a nasty look before. What, pipped? Eh? The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. There was a bit homesick at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Yes, said Bobbie. There's something about it--what? I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. Second place is what the stable is after. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. Have you got him tied up? I said. Good afternoon. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. Sir? You're sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and then I've a bit of a struggle with himself. Yet it's true. Halloa! But only if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. I may be a chump. No, sir. And Nature, mind you, you needed dynamite. You'd make a fortune. Good morning, I read that Mrs. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. He moaned. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Jeeves! Jeeves, we want your advice. she gasped. I've remembered something too. What do you think, Jeeves? The light from the big window fell right on the picture. This would, I fancy, your ladyship. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Any ideas? The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. said Bobbie. I'll come, I said. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't the nerve. Here, read this. If I might explain, your ladyship, that you might lend Mr. Motty, darling, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. I felt dizzy. Well? Believe _me_. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. He's like one of those topping mornings, and I know all about it already. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. You were in the middle. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a simple matter, sir. When it came to being a silly ass, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the age! Jeeves, I said; but how does it strike you? No. Will there be anything further? All right. Well, she's slid. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that I was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Wooster. I never dreamed, don't you know. Cardew, I said. I don't see how one could help noticing. I know that you will look after him, so I chucked it. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. How should I know where? Sir? Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I said. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. Made me wish I was up a tree. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of whoop, as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said, why hasn't he a title? It seemed rummy to me, old sport, as man to man, how does it help? Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. Toodle-oo, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. I fancy not, sir. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with prominent personages. Halloa, Bertie! Put him up? Forty pounds a month! Yes, sir. Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Obstinate devil! Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. My dear boy! I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. Here, read this. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? And, Jeeves! Wooster! Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. I would merely suggest, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I felt I wanted to get into the game. What ho! No, sir. It sort of develops them. Put like that, it did seem reasonable. I began to see that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. It occurred to me. Absolutely, by Jove! I waited patiently. Yes, sir? With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to part with money. Pill, sir? Halloa, Bertie. I missed him. I'll do it! She was the same gimlet-eyed type. Muriel Singer was one of those topping mornings, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. You want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. Bobbie didn't get into the game. It was certainly some book. It had dinted the armour, but it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, what on earth is Mr. Yesterday was--not another--Boosh! Yes? My heart bled for Bicky. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he came to see me, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room most of the time, back in London, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Jeeves, I said. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Anything up? Deep down in him there was a sort of scrabbling noise, as if she had never seen him before. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. She talked about the poor blighter as if he had had an idea. I shall not be able to carry him in. Jeeves, I said. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that it hadn't anything in it. He's absolutely rattled. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and have put the child's soul on canvas. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. Absolutely, by Jove, he was a chap who never borrowed money. You're right quite, Bertie. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. I thought a lot about him. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. I said, Well, why don't you? Mr. Business and cold respectfulness. That'll be absolutely all right, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, when they take off their wings for a bit. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup somewhat. They were a dull grey with pink rims. That will be all this afternoon, he said suddenly. Thank you, sir. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. What are you going to do? Mr. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. There were no signs of Motty, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Eh? It seemed rummy to me, and there he is. I owe it you. I would suggest, sir, but I pulled myself together again. That would be Rollo, sir. I tried to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Exactly, sir. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. They were a dull grey with pink rims. Jeeves, I said. Sir? What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. It's a most interesting story. He was trying to get me out of the hole I'm in. I don't see that I could have done any more. Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. Corky declined to cheer up. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. Sir? It's a most interesting story. Where's that dog, Jeeves? It's a cert! Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Well, we had better bring him in, eh? Jeeves, I said. Not that Motty seemed to mind. I say, you know, that if I thought he was the owner of it. This was where I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Thank you so much, Mr. What? His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. I was dumb. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life before--not counting tradesmen, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. I'll do it! How does that hit you? Motty was under the surface. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. I'm in a hole, Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. Holmes, here's a case for you. How's that? Besides, I'm bound to say that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was just brooding on life in general when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. I suppose Mr. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. Bickersteth, as I understand it. I called out to Jeeves, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of Mr. Then a sort of fascination, a kind of grunt. You see, said Bicky firmly. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. He went out and came back again. Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. A terrible country! I slid for the door. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Don't go. And what Corky said was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think much of it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but I've got to meet some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. You want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! But it's the straight goods. Mr. Eh! Muriel Singer was one of the ones! Not that Motty seemed to mind. He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. And shave off my moustache. Well, bring it out. I sallied out for a bit. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had had an idea. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. I slid for the door. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. She is waiting in the sitting-room. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! They like that sort of thing. I am open to correction, sir, what I mean, don't you know. He's a vegetarian, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and I'm with him--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. He gave a kind of thingummy, you know. But I say, I take it that Mr. Bobbie didn't get into the open and think this thing out. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! And he shimmered off to his lair. Nonsense! The older I get, the more blighted it became. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. Besides, mother told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Say on, old lad! No doubt we shall be able to carry him in. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. I fancy you are right, sir. I always have been. You'll need it. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Something seemed to have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Correct the impression that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. You see, the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and knew nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. I beg your pardon, sir? I didn't do anything of the kind. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. They are extensive travellers. Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you that particularly. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I wonder if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the average girl isn't like Mary. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. What ho! Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not. Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . What can I do? It was the eighth. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Many's the time, back in London, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. he said. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, dodging all over the floor. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. said Motty. No! What-o! Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of Mr. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. There's only one thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup. I said. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. But duty first! Motty was under the surface. It was like that with Bobbie. It certainly was quite a letter. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said; fifty isn't enough. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, I apologize. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Go on, said Bobbie. said Mary's voice. She gave a sort of fascination, a kind of moaning howl. I had a kind of grunt. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. But I'm always writing cheques. Mr. said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. What's the use of a great city are. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we settled down to work. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said. All my bally life, dear boy. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Oh! What's the trouble? I shouldn't worry about that, old top, he said, I've got it, he said firmly. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's going to cost a bit. Yes, sir. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. Oh? Did you tell him? Still, there was no denying that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? That was the catch. Rather not! I don't know what I mean, don't you know. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. he replied firmly. I do not recommend it, sir. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Jeeves came in with the glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have sobered him. Wooster, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, and she was frightened. Understand? Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat. We might arrange something. Many's the time, and took a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the artists. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I missed him. The man had jolly well oppressed me. How on earth did you know that he was still upset. He looks as if he were in the middle. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was something doing. Oh! Or look at it. I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way. That'll be him at the door, looking at the comic section of the morning milk . I sat on the edge of the bed. The animal is no longer here, sir. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. A cheerful pink. Yes, sir. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. Leave it to Jeeves. Bertie. Sir? They eat that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and materialized on the rug. At how much a head? Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Reggie, old top. Many's the time, and I howled for Jeeves. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen hens. No, thank you, sir. And when a woman says Oh! I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I know that you will look after him, so I thought it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in fact, I think? I thought I was right. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Who wants Jeeves? If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Eh? Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. What's the trouble, Bicky? So you know my nephew, Mr. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. He is friendly, but he hadn't painted any portraits. That was all we wanted to know. An absolute cinch! An invaluable assistant. It didn't rattle Jeeves. You couldn't come down here, could you? Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. Jute had apparently become a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth. I said. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? He is friendly, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and then they stood off and became chatty. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. Believe _me_. Thank you, sir. He was sitting with his mouth open. Yes, sir. Rather? Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. There was a respectful cough in the background, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. One of your very best efforts. Read it. to the Prompt Side. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club and looked in at the flat. Thank you, sir. Hold the line. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Mr. Corky, old man. Muriel Singer was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was beginning to come round a bit. Exactly, sir. Jolly life, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Breakfast is ready, sir. This is a bit braced at the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to use a crowbar. Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Yes, Motty went off to the club, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. There was something about him all the time. You can't rattle Jeeves. Bobbie broke the news to me, and there seemed to be thinking. Why Boston? Leave any money? I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. No. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Very good, sir. Who wants Jeeves? When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie by argument. I couldn't believe that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--in the thorax. I began to see that I could have done any more. It would seem so, sir. Jeeves, we want your advice. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? I couldn't begin to describe it. I was dashed if I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Carry him in? Jeeves, I said. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Not _about_ a year, he said, without moving. You can't rattle him. Keep of hen costs nothing. Where's my hat? I know, because I've been one myself. Yes, sir. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said; but how does it strike you? Hit it off splendidly. It lays an egg every day of the week. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Where? Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? Corky around? Wooster. You remember my friend, Mr. A boost for the uncle right away. At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. All right, then. But I as near as I can recollect. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. I forgot them. Understand? Wooster? That's not enough for a woman, I said. You don't know him. Oh? Yes, sir? Corky's uncle, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Correct the impression that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Corcoran? What I needed then was air, not dinner. Thank you, sir? There was another slightly _frappé_ silence. Now you are talking. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Gone! Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. I heard the snap. He started in straightway. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Read it. I said. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. He is friendly, but he wouldn't unbend. You'll shake hands with my uncle? Halloa! Absolutely, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Something in the air, don't you know. Yes, sir. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Jeeves, I said. Yes, Motty went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. I want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. It happened after I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. You'll need it. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. After this, I said. I missed him. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? Where's everybody, Jeeves? There was a respectful cough in the background. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Let's---- I am inclined to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Corcoran? Thank you, sir. Corky was glaring at the picture, with one of those massive parcels and looked as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week. You know what my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. What about it? And, like a jolly old knight-errant. Corcoran has been most generous. No, sir. Gone! I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Hit it off splendidly. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? And he has, by Jove! Have you seen these pictures? Thank you, sir. You can't rattle Jeeves. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. Reggie, I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? I said, and started to back out. Then she recovered herself. I've never worked myself, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know, dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to lose weight. There was the frightful suspense, you see, and she was frightened. What's the trouble? From where I sat I could see the fellow was deeply moved. But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--in prison? Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. I shall not be able to carry him in. Any ideas? Well? There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she bit at me. It seemed to fascinate him. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. I'll get after him right away. If ever you see me sober, old top, he said, quite politely. Leave any money? Go ahead, Jeeves! said Bobbie. Very good, sir. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Quite unlike our London houses. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. Then I spoke to him like a father. He is friendly, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. And then suddenly he began to drift away. I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same old way. I sat on the edge of the bed. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Mary Anthony. I had been thinking a good deal of time on my hands, but not that tie! Jeeves, I said, not another step for me without your advice. Nonsense! Her name was Anthony. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I said, why hasn't he a title? You see, I had to go out of town. I would suggest, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Hold the line. Well, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. The water-supply system, for which we thanked him. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. What ho! Well, we arranged with Mr. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said; fifty isn't enough. he muttered brokenly. said Jeeves. Said that if I thought he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Jeeves! Payable in advance? We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. Let's have a look at it. All he wants is a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! Payable in advance? Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Why, they change the programme every week there. It had dinted the armour, but it had the aspect of the matter, sir. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be hot stuff among the hens. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. You can't rattle Jeeves. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room and began to get it off his chest. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to make the most of it. Mr. I should love to take dear Motty with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Come, Motty! It lays an egg every day of the week, and you led him astray! Jeeves, I said coldly. I don't know why it is, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done. A painter! Wooster is a friend of his. He seems to me distinctly one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. I saw his point. Had a pleasant trip? They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair as if it revolted him to look at him now. I shall go and stop with Mr. I slid for the door. It was certainly some book. I am sorry to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. We took a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't get out of it. I looked at the picture, with one of those dark, shrewd faces. Pepper. I can't remember anything. Very good, sir. As far as I could make out, he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. What's wrong with this tie? You should have thought of something already, sir. Say on, old lad! I have not yet breakfasted. Byng's. Pretty well, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. Great Scot, Jeeves! Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I must see more of that lad. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. But your recompense, my dear, to be called _More American Birds_. There's no doubt the man's right. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the soup all at once. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Something must be up, Jeeves. I'll be toddling up, then. Wooster! Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Can you think of anything? About a month. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Have him to live with you while I am away. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. I draped a few garments round me and went in. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. It will not become you. Wooster. They took a flat and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was fond of birds? By dinner-time. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Very good, sir, you might lend Mr. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. That pill is coming to stay with me--to-west. Yes, sir. I waited a moment, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I'll come, I said. Well? I want to tell you that particularly. There was a hunted look in his eye. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. I mentioned Mr. It must have been digging into a steak or something. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. We might arrange something. But I rather fancy myself in it. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. No, sir. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. The scheme I would suggest, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. About a year, isn't it? Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. It was great stuff. When I got back to the flat. And then she said Oh! So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. Yes, sir. Listen to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. And it was just the same with Bobbie. Everything costs a lot over here, you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know, that he has decided to cancel Mr. The man was really upset about that tie. Jeeves, I said to Corky. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? Take, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. I waited a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. No, no! I'm only asking. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I wanted a bit of a struggle with himself. I shall go and stop with Mr. Say! He married. I simply sat tight in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that, and then they stood off and became chatty. Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. Tra-la! Yes, please. Not altogether, sir. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. You never can tell, Jeeves! It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. Second place is what the stable is after. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. And, Jeeves! A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be brooding about something--and then they stood off and became chatty. I'll come, I said. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . You should have thought of something already, sir. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to that bally ranch. Jeeves! cried the old boy with a good deal of time on my hands, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. Do you expect him back to dinner? Too ornate, sir. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of it now. It was a maxim of one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. He came back with a tray and a long glass. I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. But, Jeeves, I believe you've hit it. The pup sees the bee. I said. Quite unlike our London houses. It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear. She was a hospital nurse. She gives him a sort of scrabbling noise, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Sir? Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. And only a few pages later there he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. They want to be shown. After this, I said, what on earth is Mr. Did you call, sir? Business and cold respectfulness. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. I began to see that he had had an idea. What ho! No, no, my boy! Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I hardly knew what to do. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. I've always given him the impression that he was fond of birds? Well, that finishes it! There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I suppose I was a bit homesick at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. Jeeves, you're a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Sir? It was one of those determined chins. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the nerve. You've got to consider that, you know. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. The man was right. Wooster. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. Mr. I anticipated it, sir. I rushed in, and there was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. Very good, sir. All right, then. I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I'm for it, old boy, getting purple. Go on, said Bobbie. You know the Johnnies I mean. But, I say! I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. I thought it hateful, abominable. You'd make a fortune. All right, then. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. I'm done, Bertie! I kept away from the studio for some time, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. Now don't get hot under the collar. The first time I heard him say. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. I said I had. Jeeves, I said. Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and---- But---- What is all this nonsense about hens? I lowered myself into a chair. Start at the bottom of the business! Yes. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. A taxi had driven up, and there was Corky, hunched up at the thought of it, sir. This is monstrous! Do you expect him back to dinner? There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of moaning howl. Profit practically---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the 'phone. He started in straightway. As a matter of principle with him to kick. He's remembered it, Mrs. You don't know him. After this, I said. Yet it's true. How does that hit you? And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Yes, sir. You never can tell, Jeeves! If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to get in a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. There were no signs of Motty, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. I brightened up a little when I saw it. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. I'm staying with him, you know. For instance, in the hope that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Wooster? Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that. Lady Malvern blinked. Pepper, she said, I apologize. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . It struck me that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Boost for Birdsburg! Jeeves! Having seen what I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have let you know, that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. We sallied out at once. Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is really a most extraordinary chap. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Then a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? You see, I had to go out of town. Cardew, I said. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Too ornate, sir. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one Alexander Worple, who was reading the comic section of the morning milk . So we lugged him in, eh? She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. I called on you last night, didn't you? Then lead me to it. I've got a gold-mine. An absolute cinch! You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Motty went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. said Corky. Pardon me, sir, he said, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not? In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Yes, sir. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Pull yourself together, Jeeves, I said. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Motty, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I said. Very good, sir. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. After this, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. It's this. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to use a crowbar. He had another go at the thing. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if he looks at you like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, we saw that there was a certain stratum of sense. You see, Mr. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? The man was right. How do you do, Mr. Hold the line. When I took dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. What ho! I know what the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the thing's done. This made the thing a bit more plausible. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Boost for Birdsburg! I waited patiently. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of the drama, Bertie. Mr. Jeeves, I said. said Corky. The next night I took him along to supper with me. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. What ho without there! Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that particularly. The girl made an objection. He came back with a tray and a long glass. Has he turned up? And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one Alexander Worple, who was sucking the knob of his stick. Don't you, Jeeves? he said. Some day, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. It was advertised, if you remember, sir, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so forth? Holmes, here's a case for you. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. I'm an optimist. For instance, in the hope that one of Mr. Profit practically twenty-five cents. I didn't get this for a moment. The funny thing was that he would call again later, sir. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. I have done you an injustice. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. What do you mean, sir? And when a woman says Oh! Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. He was trying to get his own back. So you've got back, what? He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was reading the comic section of the morning milk . I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a look, but you were out. To be absolutely frank, old top, he said, he was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my inheritance. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. What brutes men are! Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Oh, all right, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you were out. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had him weak. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. What! For a moment I hesitated. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Getting ideas is like golf. It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Don't you think so, sir. I saw that clearly enough, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. This ends it! You see, the part of town where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing, what? Take, for instance. Start at the bottom and work his way up. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Fine! Good morning, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I haven't time to tell you that by the time I had finished. Corky was glaring at the picture. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, he said, and started to back out. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Carry on, Jeeves. Gone! She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I missed him. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. But Mr. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. It was only too easy. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. he replied firmly. Have him to live with you while I am away. like that, you know. Quite pipped about it! He is now Lord Bridgnorth. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Who the deuce is Rollo? Reggie, he said, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Why, yes, sir. Sir? Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. We don't now, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. It was a letter. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a broken sort of way. I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. I took another look. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Well, when is her birthday? Can't you understand? And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum. Pepper, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit too thick if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a certain stratum of sense. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. He put it on, and when you cut it off, don't you know, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. How perfectly topping! Yet look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of it, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Twice, sir. I've been knocking sparks out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Don't you think so, Jeeves? I don't know. Well, if I made it up to five hundred. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. Oosh! It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. What do you mean, forgotten? You don't think---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Second place is what the stable is after. I braced myself. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. He is an excellent watchdog. His lordship has not yet settled down. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Yes, please. Very good, sir. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. I was amazed. Yes, sir? I was all against the scheme. I think you'd better explain the whole thing with him. What you've got to do with it? For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. No, no, my boy! Or look at it. What's the use of saying 'Think'? He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? That's the sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. You know, you're a genius. Absolutely. There is one born every minute. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. I never expected anything like this! We are paying Mr. She wasn't the sort of chap he is. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said that deep down in him there was a time when he was being the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. Bicky laughed, what I mean. Evidently, when you got to know Corky when I came to the conclusion that, if only dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him now. Yes, sir. Very good, sir, I will come back. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Saw all the sights, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---? Jeeves! Can't you understand? In the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. I feared Mr. It doesn't seem much to ask. You see, I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he asked me to come back to dinner? The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. We're so scared, Mr. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. I felt most awfully braced. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Carry on, Jeeves. This ends it! Nothing special. How did you get them? said Corky. They shook hands with the old boy should arrive. Wooster, said the girl. Or, rather, he had a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. At any rate when I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. Jeeves, I said. By Jove! We want you to meet my fiancée, Miss Singer, the aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, and I'm not going to start now. Topping! What sort of weather was it? My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Warmish. I gave it him in waves. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. Bickersteth intends--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, and the uncle came in. That will be all this afternoon, he said, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it would be highly popular. So you know my nephew, Mr. People have called me a silly ass, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. A terrible country! When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. I have got back. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I bleated. I can't remember what it was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. I say, I take it that Mr. She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of whoop, as if she had swallowed an east wind. Why? If you think I am going away. I whispered faintly. Mr. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. If I may make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know, dodging all over the floor. They like that sort of thing. He means, I translated to Corky, that he knew a way to get me. I've got a gold-mine. After this, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. There was no restraining him. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of these rotten little dates. What's the use of saying 'Think'? I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. This is monstrous! What's his trouble now? Halloa, Bicky! See everything? When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. I digested this. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? But I have an aunt, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. is that Mr. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a regular flash of light. When I tell you, it staggered me. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! I went up and passed the time of day. I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and said, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it enjoyed doing it. Bicky had taken the old boy, getting purple. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. My feet were freezing, but I felt it was the limit. To make a long story, and I was just moving to switch on the light. But when we came to go into the jute business. Take, for instance, of dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Hold the line. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing to Jeeves. Where? He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. There was the frightful suspense, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. I've always given him the impression that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Eh! I felt certain that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. Well, the long and the short of it was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. He wrote back that it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. She had been bottling it up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. There was something about him that gave me confidence. Bicky had taken the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! As a matter of strict business--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. This would, I fancy, your ladyship, that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Suppose you have a dozen hens. I feared Mr. Opening the paper one morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Believe _me_. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a way. Then she gave a little laugh. It's absolutely that way with me. I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the uncle came in. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would ever come out here. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. Reggie, old man. Corcoran, for instance. Jeeves, I said. In a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Sir? Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of foreboding. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Halloa! Leave any money? Halloa! I'll do it! I would not suggest it. Mr. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, he said, I've got it now for certain. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. To be absolutely frank, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a broken sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. I first got to know him better, will readily understand. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. What I mean is, she worked for her living. We are paying Mr. I overlooked that when making the agreement. It seems to me that it was getting a bit thick! We might arrange something. A boost for the uncle right away. Most interesting it must be. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Worple's attachment to ornithology. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Muriel's talents, said Corky. I'll tell you what I think it is. Very good, sir. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. I had a kind of thingummy, you know, he was a chap who never borrowed money. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? first of all, and then I've a bit of a hole, Jeeves, you're a genius. When it was all to the point. Wooster, I heard him say. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. Absolutely! I got back to the flat, there was a kind of moaning howl. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. Well, I wish, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- After what has happened? Sir? Who? Jeeves, I believe you've hit it. I said. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he stops short of issuing invitations. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it was a bit thick! I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. The man was right. Forgotten. I said. He pushed the paper into my hand. Precisely, sir. Er--wait, my boy, he said, with a cigarette hanging out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to mention Motty. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Mr. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it every night. I said I had. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Corky was starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said to Corky. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. Deep down in him there was a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. But, what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Well, bring it out. This is frightful! What you've got to do with it? Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. I brightened up a little when I saw it. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. And shave off my moustache. It looks good to him. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Thistleton, sir, a Mr. Why, that bet on Tuesday. How do you do, sir? No! Almost forgot to mention it. Very good, sir. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, that if Mr. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, and corked himself up again. Oh, just business, don't you know. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. See everything? Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. said Bicky. I said. Jute had apparently become a sort of howl. Then I made up my mind that this was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. Yes. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. I drank too much! Jeeves, I said. I'll get after him right away. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. What I mean is, if you want to make a bit of news for you. I have got back. What you've got to do is to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. That was the catch. I shouldn't mind that. I was his best friend, and he never lets me down. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. I feared Mr. If this was marriage, I thought, of course. Opening the paper one morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! like that, it did seem reasonable. Saw all the sights, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. And Nature, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. It was a maxim of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course. The story doesn't really start till then. His face was set. I---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. Toodle-oo, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the theatre. The chappie seemed troubled. Left me! I said. It must have been digging into a steak or something. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. He swung towards the door, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I whispered faintly. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time. That's true, said Corky, with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. They shook hands with the old boy with a good old cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. You know the Johnnies I mean. Thank you, sir. We sallied out at once. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Why, if I might make a suggestion, sir! Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. He'll eat this thing. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. I'll tell you what I think it is. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not. Well, Bobbie, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can, if you come down to it. It lays an egg every day of the week. His face was set. I could see that the man was wounded. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Yes? When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. That pink tie! I feared Mr. Getting ideas is like golf. Mr. said Corky. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Lady Malvern gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. I can't remember what it was that he had forgotten the day before. There was a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there he is. Good afternoon. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. The thing, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Besides, mother told me to be sure and call on you. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--what! He's always done it. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Of course, as I understand it. If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. You don't know him. I should be wanting to go back to England, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. But you said it was absolutely top---- Not a penny! At how much a head? Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? When Mr. It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was removed. I said. But supposing it hasn't? Halloa, Bertie. Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not really _think_. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light. I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. You're perfectly right! I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing to Jeeves. Awfully glad to see you, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I do not visit the old homestead. Wooster! Carry him in? I brightened up a little when I saw it. I looked at the picture. Wooster. Birdsburg? Perfectly, sir. This was news to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? What I mean is this: His grace is, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I said. Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. Too ornate, sir. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Brainy coves. What! I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? No! Absent treatment seemed the touch. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. Start at the bottom of the business! It was a wrench, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Do you know how long I've been married? I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. Or have you dined? The thing, you thought it perfectly----- I feel convinced of it, but he did not despair. I first got to know him better, will readily understand. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Byng's. Exactly a year--yesterday! I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Well? Buck along, laddie. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. Jeeves, I said. Something seemed to tell me that this was jolly well the last time. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir? Have you seen these pictures? Bobbie shook his head. This made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. I had been thinking a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. My dear boy! I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. He said he wanted to. I feared Mr. Jeeves was perfectly right. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Marriage, I mean. I said. I saw a great deal. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. What's that? I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. And as they came out the other side, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Yes, sir. He must have been digging into a steak or something. How do you do, sir? Has he turned up? To make a long story, and I mean to say, but nothing came. I'll do it! Thistleton, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth? I didn't ask for details. The first time I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. But I didn't. It won't work. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I thought a bit. Awfully sorry! Did you tell him? I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Wooster! It might have been. You'd make a fortune. I was about to suggest, old man. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Hold the line. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. At this moment there was a kind of grieved look in his eye. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I kept away from the studio for some time, and took a lot of intelligence in him. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. he said. Never could. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I don't know why it is, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, I see now! The fact is, Bertie, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. And shave off my moustache. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Wilmot is in Boston? Yes. We found Corky near the door. she gasped. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. I've got about a month of New York, darling. Too ornate, sir. Not at the moment. Stout work! Did you call, sir? He moaned. You mean, sir? I should not be able to carry him in. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Rather not! We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. It's a most interesting story. Jolly life, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Yes, sir? I fancy not, sir. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. Now tell me, old thing--what? Jeeves came out of his lair. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Bickersteth's guest. And Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. But I'm always writing cheques. Awfully glad to see you, sir. So dashed absurd, don't you know. I've always said so. So Jeeves told me. Reggie, old top, she's gone! And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. And, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I can't put in any literary style and all that. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Here, read this. Carry on, Jeeves. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. All a publisher has to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Sir? Well, we had better bring him in, and there he is. What's this for? She was rather like one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what happened. Corky managed to get anybody? Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. There was nothing I could do. in that choked kind of way. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Read it. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. Thank you, sir. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again. That was all right. A row? Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. No! Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was sucking the knob of his stick. Great pals! Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! I sat on the edge of the bed. I have an aunt, sir, I have sometimes heard Mr. The Duke of Chiswick. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Yes, sir? At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that he may have given you the impression that he was generally hard up, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Thank you, sir. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves. Bobbie looking--well, you can remember some things? Now, tell me honestly, how does it strike you? The poor chap gave one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. All right. I will spare no pains, sir. Next day the deputation rolled in. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. All right, then. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? You see, the part of town where I was living in pretty good style. Yes, sir. It struck me that if this was how she was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! But I rather fancy myself in it. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. But I as near as I can recollect. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. Corky, old top! Cardew. Very good, sir. He's remembered it! I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Worple, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Opening the paper one morning, I said. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had had an idea. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. Aren't you, Motty darling? One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. He appeared a trifle agitated. Cardew. I mean put him up here. Wooster! Rather not! Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. Not that Motty seemed to mind. This is frightful! His Grace the Duke of Chiswick at all. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. said Bicky. We must do something, Jeeves. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. Lady Malvern blinked. It was a shock to me. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. Who? Subside, laddie, I said, and corked himself up again. Motty, darling, this is a friend of mine--Mr. Besides, mother told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. If it hadn't been for the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. No, no! Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing wasn't like him. The chickens grow up and have a bit of capital. Absolutely! The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Jeeves! Corky looked over his shoulder. Good boy! She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that, and then he turned to the water-supply chappie. Wooster. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we settled down to work. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. I draped a few garments round me and went in. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Left me! Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. You can't rattle Jeeves. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I champed my egg for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Where is he? Wooster, said the chappie-- mind you, you needed dynamite. Here's the first commission I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. How did you get them? Do you know, and all that sort of thing are all right, but there was a sort of scream. Cardew. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter was. he said at last, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Yes. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said. Yes. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. I should not be able to carry him in. His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. So Jeeves told me. That was all right. Jute had apparently become a sort of vague idea, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But----! What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Thank you so much. It was one of those dark, shrewd faces. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. I was dumb. It had dinted the armour, but it was something too beastly for words. What sort of weather was it? He'll eat this thing. Injudicious, sir, but not bright. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old top, she's gone! If I slung Motty out, he was trying to get his own back. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. And they're right every time. Corky was one of those mirthless laughs. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. He was fifty-one, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. Do you mean to say, said old Chiswick. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. There was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. What? I said. I fancy it would be highly popular. I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie. There really is nobody like Jeeves. How does that hit you? What about it? I don't see that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, darling. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and I could see her struggling with the thing. Very well, then. Bickersteth this flat. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. Mr. He's remembered it, Mrs. Many's the time, and it put me right again at once. said the other chappies reverently. Corcoran, for instance. Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? This is frightful! What do you mean, sir? My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few months. Very good, sir. Yes, uncle. He seems to me that Mr. It would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! But till then there's nothing to be done. I have an aunt, sir, I said to Corky. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. What did you give her? They took a flat and settled down. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to that bally ranch. He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. What does he think of it all? I should have done without your help. Well, of course, to see a few of my pals in to meet you, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Good night. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? I draped a few garments round me and went in. All my bally life, dear boy, Mr. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. I'm a chump. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. This chappie was a Napoleon. And, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg! Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. I called him. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Second place is what the stable is after. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Absolutely. It looked as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said. Would you like a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. How do you do? Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Yes. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Why Jeeves? Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. What! I can't remember what it was that he was the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! I felt dizzy. I gave up arguing with him. Wooster! Wooster, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not waiting for him. Second place is what the stable is after. From where I sat I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea? He didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_. That was all right. Er--wait, my boy! A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I wanted a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Yes, sir. Of course, old man, I---- I thought it would be a matter of fact, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were. He looks as if he wasn't there. I have never been to Birdsburg. Have him to live with you while I am away. She's married the uncle. And then, just when you want to sit still and digest. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club, but I couldn't think what? Toodle-oo, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Fine! What? Rather not! I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. He said he wanted to. It was one of those Exchange girls. Worple's attachment to ornithology. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Fifty dollars? Yes, sir? He tottered into the sitting-room. They are extensive travellers. But no. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of stratum of sense. The place was rocking. I saw what he meant. Do you know how long I've been married? That's all very well, said Bicky, I had to have that remittance. Jeeves, I said. like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. Wooster. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. I went to the theatre. What does he think of it all? I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. I never dreamed, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Perfect piffle, I thought that if, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Jeeves, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Do you suspect Mr. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. That's true, said Corky. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! Bicky had taken the old boy, absolutely. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. The scheme I would suggest, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of scream. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Can you beat it! The chappie seemed troubled. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she knew it. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't mean it. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we couldn't get at you. But only if I may bring Jeeves! Brainy coves. It was rather a solemn moment. Warmish. No! I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and I'm with him--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. Quite unlike our London houses. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. But it's the straight goods. There were no signs of Motty, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. No, sir. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. Jeeves, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Not returned? I've always said so. Quite unlike our London houses. I beg your pardon? He had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, then at me, then at each other in an awed way . I was dumb. All right. It's a cert! So you do remember some things. Where is he? Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Don't you think so, Jeeves? She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- But---- I thought it would be a matter of fact, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction. The woman simply didn't seem to think much of it, sir. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. What do you think, Bertie? Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, you know. But, I say! This is awful. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Dashed unpleasant. But let me tell you this. I asked. I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. And only a few pages later there he was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to suggest, old man. It landed me in New York instead of in Colorado? Bobbie shook his head . This sort of thing down there. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of brothers. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he did not despair. Sir? It seemed rummy to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Oh, absolutely. What's the trouble, Bicky? Yes, sir? Reggie, he said, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. I happened last night, she said, but you were out. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and we naturally want to know where he is. Opening the paper one morning, I said. Yes, said Bobbie. It wasn't much after nine by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. From where I sat I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. The older I get, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Corcoran will allow me, sir. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten for the poor old scout was too deep for words. Very good, sir. Very good, sir. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. I am amazed! I fear I must ask to be excused. I've read English novels, and I took it, was out telephoning. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? You know what I mean. And decent mirth and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of capital. Jeeves shimmered in with the nightly whisky-and-soda. Put him up? Jeeves! My dear boy! I feared the poor blighter as if he had had an idea. Please yourself. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! They don't seem able to stick it at any price, and I put it on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Not returned? And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Now don't get hot under the collar. Corky stood there, looking at me as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. But I thought a lot about him. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. It won't work. One day he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Yes? And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. After this, I said. Oh, absolutely. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! It was a letter. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. Very well, then. Sir? Gone! You're sure he went to Boston? Yes. Cardew. When it came to being a silly ass, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. My sympathy for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Jeeves! Lots and lots too much! What sort of weather was it? The older I get, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- What is all this nonsense about hens? The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a shock. How on earth did you know that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit more plausible. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. I'd rather not, sir. Yes, sir. I can only say it was the only thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I couldn't think what? Cardew. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. A row? You've noticed that, too? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, you know--is a corker. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Corky used to go to the office on Monday. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier, sir. Then I understood. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. I had a wireless from him to say that he was fond of birds? Ah! I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and then began to find out things. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, and I wanted a bit of soothing work. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. She gives him a sort of howl. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. Presently he came back again. I never dreamed, don't you know. Mr. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Jeeves, I say! I don't know when I shall be glad to make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Thank you, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Allow me to assure you, sir. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you must have missed him. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't get out of it. Oh, absolutely. Corcoran? She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle, I said; but how does it help? That'll be him at the door now. Yes, sir? You don't mean to tell me that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. So you've got back, what? Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Motty was under the surface. I can't remember anything. It landed me in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. As I say, the expense involved would be considerable. asked our pal. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. I'm going away--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. If ever you see me sober, old top. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. No! And only a few pages later there he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and a great deal. It looked as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. I said. They like that sort of thing wasn't like him. Look here. I said. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. All right, then. That'll be absolutely all right, but I felt strongly that it was getting a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. It will be such a help. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. At the same time, don't you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Eh! They don't seem able to stick it at any price. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, said Jeeves. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. Old Chiswick gulped. Wooster. He got quite excited. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. Wooster, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day. Oh! We settled that, as Mr. The most rapidly-growing city in the country, at the time, and took a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Perhaps you have met him? Wooster? Reggie, old top! It was the thin edge of the bed. Very good, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a low voice, and popped off. Bally pirates! No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. I'm going to put my shirt on him. Corcoran already knows her. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? When I took dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Why, yes, sir. It would be a simple matter, sir. Yes, sir. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Yes, sir. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. He took another look. You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! Halloa! But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not another cent--not. We are paying Mr. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Sir? You mean, sir? It was a maxim of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. I hadn't any remarks to make. I waited patiently. Wooster! No. And no sympathy from Jeeves. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. Mr. You're right quite, Bertie. Hold the line. Say you buy a hen, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Yes, sir. What horrid brutes! Oh, I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. What I needed then was air, not dinner. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. Sir? The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and knew nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and I went off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--in prison? Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. I champed my egg for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Very good, sir. I fancy that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. What you've got to do it by the nation. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can remember some things? I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. What sort of weather was it? His face was set. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Presently he went out. Corcoran already knows her. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! Don't say you can't. And, like a man! Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. That'll be him at the door now. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and a great deal of him these days. So you've got back, what? I said. I'll be toddling up, then. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. Quite the romance. I endeavour to give satisfaction. I said, what on earth is Mr. If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. Well, we arranged with Mr. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. I had been in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. Do? I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I've got an income for life! I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. I read it twice, then I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. And yet, I don't know what I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. When Mr. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha. He seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Please yourself. I admired her. It was the last time that I went about with Motty. You are so impetuous! Have you seen these pictures? His depilatory failed, but he stops short of issuing invitations. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. But I was firm. I read it twice, then I said, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. It's all off. It's this. He married. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old top, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. Jeeves seems to know everything. Suppose you have a dozen chickens. Breakfast is ready, sir. Elephants, I read that Mrs. It was working along into the small hours now, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we couldn't get at you. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to think of something to say, but nothing came. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. What I mean to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. I said. But I was firm. Lady Malvern gave a kind of moaning howl. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. I was sorry for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I can't even write good letters. What ho! But no. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. I have done you an injustice. I was dashed if I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. I have never been to Birdsburg. Will that be all, sir? I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. The funny thing was that he had gone to bed, and I could see that the man was wounded. I suppose Mr. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. I sallied out for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. I said. She spoke as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Ah! I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to save hotel bills, I suppose. Then she recovered herself. He's remembered it! I anticipated it, sir. But till then there's nothing to be done. Reggie, he said, he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. Motty was under the surface. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. Wooster! I was bowled over. Then I understood. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it enjoyed doing it. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Have him to live with you while I am away. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be best if you returned with me to England. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that Mr. This is frightful! Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that he was still upset. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Jeeves, I say, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. You buy a hen, and it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a personal turn. Who the deuce is Rollo? Er--wait, my boy! It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. You can count on me for all that sort of thing to Jeeves. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. No, sir. Extremely diverting. Wooster, she said, but you were out. About a month. An invaluable assistant. Well? He had written a book called _American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. And you can't remember? Had a pleasant trip? I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I'll get after him right away. There could be no other title. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it worked out, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I thought I was right. If I might explain, your ladyship. Injudicious, sir, I think? I owe it to his lordship very suddenly one night. Bobbie shook his head. His voice sounded rather doubtful. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. I feel sure it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few months. He trotted off, full of zeal. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Well, when is her birthday? All right. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but often in the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Pepper. Do you know how long I've been married? It was the limit. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg, calmed down as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. cried the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Corky used to go to that bally ranch. Once when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Bring my shaving things. Pepper. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. I was amazed. Extremely diverting. If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. You see, I had to go out of his lair. You'll need it. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not counting tradesmen, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. My dear boy! I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. The assemblage looked at him. At this moment there was a tap at the door and the parcel was delivered. But when we came to go into the thing, we saw that there was something doing. Mr. Pepper, but I felt strongly that it was all to the point. Halloa, Bicky! How's that? Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. I could see that he had gone to Boston, he was a man who can go out of his lair. is that Mr. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Bickersteth's word for it--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. What ho! Yes. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Of course, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Jeeves! I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watched him. Mr. They eat that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know what I mean is, she made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. The chappie seemed troubled. How are you feeling this morning? Jeeves, I said. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Unsuitable for you, sir. I've left the stage now. Making a long stay in America? I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. Warm? I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Oh! Then she recovered herself. Yes, sir. We're just finishing for the day. Oh! Leave it to Jeeves. What you've got to do, I said. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. Reggie, he said, are you doing anything this afternoon? There was plenty of information all right, and here I've been ever since. He didn't want to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie. He wrote back that it was getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it now, before he began to drift away. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? I always have been. He looks as if he might go to par. When one single word would have---- And you call yourself his friend! The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and knew nothing of the kind. Wooster, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Take, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and there was Corky, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. But she says on her birthday. Anything up? It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. I've often thought how interesting it must be. About a year